href="/ccs/CCS2025/" - Home
href="/ccs/CCS2025/events/" - Co-located Events
href="" - Call for
AttendingOrganizationProgramCode 
 ACM CCS 2025 
 October 13-17, 2025 
 Taipei, Taiwan 
 Call for Papers 
 (Please helpnominate PC members) 
 The 32nd ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security (CCS) seeks submissions presenting novel contributions related to all real-world aspects of computer security and privacy. Theoretical papers must make a convincing case for the relevance of their results to practice. Authors are encouraged to write the abstract and introduction of their paper in a way that makes the results accessible and compelling to a general computer-security researcher. In particular, authors should bear in mind that anyone on the program committee may be asked to review any paper. 
 CCS has two review cycles in 2025. For each submission, one of the following decisions will be made: 
 Accept: Papers in this category will be accepted for publication in the proceedings and presentation at the conference, possibly after making minor changes with the oversight of a shepherd. 
 Minor revision: Papers in this category are considered to be promising but need some minor additional work (e.g., minor experiments, proofs to minor lemmas). Authors will be given the opportunity to resubmit such papers, with appropriate revisions, in which case they should clearly explain in a separate note how the revisions address the comments of the reviewers. The revised paper will then be re-evaluated, and either accepted or rejected. 
 Reject: Papers in this category are declined for inclusion in the conference. Papers rejected from the first review cycle may not be submitted again (even in revised form) to the second review cycle. 
 Authors of each accepted paper must ensure that at least one author registers for the conference, and that their paper is presented in-person at the conference if at all possible. 
 Paper Submission Information 
 All submissions must be received by 11:59 PM AoE (UTC-12) on the day of the corresponding deadline. Submitted papers must not substantially overlap with papers that have been published or accepted for publication, or that are simultaneously in submission to a journal, conference, or workshop with published proceedings. All submissions should be properly anonymized. 
 Papers should avoid revealing authors’ identity in the text. When referring to their previous work, authors are required to cite their papers in the third person, without identifying themselves. In the unusual case in which a third-person reference is infeasible, authors can blind the reference itself. Papers not properly anonymized may be rejected without review.Authors may submit up to a maximum of 7 papers for Cycle B. 
 All submitted papers will be evaluated based on their merits, particularly their importance to practical aspects of computer and communications security and privacy, novelty, quality of execution, and presentation. For papers that might raise ethical concerns, authors are expected to convince reviewers that proper procedures (such as IRB approval or responsible disclosure) have been followed, and due diligence has been made to minimize potential harm. 
 Submitted papers may be rejected for being out of scope, at the discretion of the PC chairs. Authors who have questions about whether their paper is in scope are encouraged to ask the PC chairs in advance. No modifications to the author list on a paper may be made after submission. 
 Mandatory Reviewing (New!) 
 Authors submitting 3 papers or more may be required to submit reviews for other papers at CCS 2025. Authors who fall into this category will be requested to provide information for review matching and complete an attestation for reviewing ethics. 
 Authors failing to provide the requested information may see their paper desk-rejected. 
 It is expected that reviewers will submit fair and thoughtful reviews on time. Reviews that do not meet this standard, such as exceptionally short reviews, reviews generated by Large Language Models (LLMs), reviews not relevant to the paper or that miss a substantial portion of the paper will be flagged and may be grounds for desk rejection of the reviewer’s papers at the discretion of the PC chairs. 
 Withdrawing Policy (New!) 
 A paper can be withdrawn at any point before the reviews have been sent to the authors. Once the reviews have been sent to the authors the paper can not be withdrawn. 
 Paper Format 
 Submissions must be a PDF file in double-columnACM formatusing"sigconf"2-column format, no more than 12 pages long, excluding the bibliography, well-marked appendices, and supplementary material. Note that reviewers are not required to read the appendices or any supplementary material. Authors should not change the font or the margins of the ACM format. The CCS information such as concepts, keywords, or rights management information (e.g., DOI and ISBN) must be retained. The teaser figure is optional. Please refer to the sample-sigconf.tex and sample-sigconf.pdf in the ACM package (also mirroredhere) as an example. Submissions not following the required format may be rejected without review. 
 Providing Artifacts at Submission Time 
 Submissions whose claimed contributions rely on artifacts (e.g., code, models, data sets) are expected to make these accessible to the reviewers, unless there are good reasons not to, in which case these reasons must be mentioned in the submission. Submissions whose claimed contributions do not rely on artifacts do not need to submit artifacts. An anonymous link to a resource on the web is acceptable, provided the contents in the resource are also anonymized. 
 Optional Artifact Evaluation 
 A published scientific paper consists of a constellation of artifacts that extend beyond the document itself: software, hardware, evaluation data and documentation, raw survey results, mechanized proofs, models, test suites, benchmarks, and so on. To emphasize the importance of such artifacts, the benefits to the authors and the community as a whole, and promote the reproducibility of experimental results, ACM CCS will, for the second time, introduce an optional artifact evaluation (AE) process, inspired by similar efforts at several other conferences. All authors of accepted papers (including shepherd approved and minor revisions) are encouraged to submit artifacts for AE. Each artifact submitted will be reviewed by the Artifact Evaluation Committee (AEC); a special call for artifacts will follow. 
 Conference Tracks 
 Like last year, the ACM CCS Conference features a multi-track format. Each track operates as a separate mini-conference, with its own Track Chairs and Track Program Committee. The overall process is managed by the Program Chairs (David Lie and Véronique Cortier). At the time of submission, authors must select one track, which should be the most relevant to the topic of the paper. We understand that some papers might span multiple topics. In specific cases, PC members might be asked to provide reviews for papers outside their track, in an effort to provide the best possible reviews to the authors. The chairs may decide to move a paper to another track. 
 This is the list of tracks and their Track Chairs: 
 Program Co-Chairshref="mailto:ccs25-pc-chairs@acm.org" - ✉ccs25-pc-chairs@acm.org
David Lie (University of Toronto) 
 Véronique Cortier (CNRS, Loria) 
 Track Chairs 
 Software Securityhref="mailto:ccs25-software-track@acm.org" - ✉ccs25-software-track@acm.org
Alexandra Dmitrienko(Würzburg University) 
 Yinqian Zhang(Southern University of Science and Technology) 
 Web Securityhref="mailto:ccs25-web-track@acm.org" - ✉ccs25-web-track@acm.org
Yinzhi Cao(Johns Hopkins University) 
 Network Securityhref="mailto:ccs25-netsec-track@acm.org" - ✉ccs25-netsec-track@acm.org
Kun Sun(George Mason University) 
 Security Usability and Measurementhref="mailto:ccs25-usablesec-track@acm.org" - ✉ccs25-usablesec-track@acm.org
Emiliano De Cristofaro(University of California, Riverside) 
 Yixin Zou(Max Planck Institute for Security and Privacy) 
 Machine Learning and Securityhref="mailto:ccs25-mlsec-track@acm.org" - ✉ccs25-mlsec-track@acm.org
Neil Gong(Duke University) 
 Elissa Redmiles(Georgetown University) 
 Ben Y. Zhao(University of Chicago) 
 Formal Methods and Programming Languageshref="mailto:ccs25-formal-track@acm.org" - ✉ccs25-formal-track@acm.org
Tamara Rezk(Inria) 
 Hardware, Side Channels, and Cyber Physical Systemshref="mailto:ccs25-hardware-track@acm.org" - ✉ccs25-hardware-track@acm.org
Christopher Fletcher(University of California, Berkeley) 
 Mengjia Yan(Massachusetts Institute of Technology) 
 Applied Cryptographyhref="mailto:ccs25-crypto-track@acm.org" - ✉ccs25-crypto-track@acm.org
Marc Fischlin(Technische Universität Darmstadt) 
 Dominique Schroeder(Technical University Wien) 
 Blockchain and Distributed Systemshref="mailto:ccs25-distributed-track@acm.org" - ✉ccs25-distributed-track@acm.org
Sisi Duan(Tsinghua University) 
 Privacy and Anonymityhref="mailto:ccs25-privacy-track@acm.org" - ✉ccs25-privacy-track@acm.org
Catuscia Palamidessi(Inria) 
 Conflicts of Interest 
 The conference requires cooperation from both authors and program-committee members to ensure a fair review process. For this purpose, authors must report all program-committee members who, in their opinion, have a conflict of interest and therefore may not be able to provide an unbiased review. Mandatory declared conflicts of interest include current or former doctoral advisor/advisee, members of the same institution, close family members, and recent co-authors (within the past 2 years). For any other declared conflict, authors are required to explain the nature of the conflict at the time of paper submission, which will be reviewed by the Program Chairs and the Track Chairs. The chairs reserve the right to request further explanation and can remove non-mandatory conflicts at their discretion. 
 Track Chairs are allowed to submit papers, and those papers will be handled by the Program Chairs. They are only allowed to submit two papers in their own track, and any number in other tracks. 
 Program-committee members who have a genuine conflict of interest with a paper, including the Program Chairs and the Track Chairs, will be excluded from evaluation and discussion of that paper. When a Track Program Chair has a conflict, the paper will be handled by the Program Chairs. When a Program Chair is conflicted, the other Co-Chair will be responsible for managing that paper. When both Program Chairs are in conflict, a committee member will be appointed to handle the paper. Program Chairs are not allowed to be authors or co-authors of any submissions. 
 Policy for Peer-Review Integrity 
 All SIGSAC sponsored conferences and workshops are required to follow ACM policies against harassment activities (https://www.acm.org/about-acm/policy-against-harassment) and ACM Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct (https://www.acm.org/code-of-ethics). Also all authors, PC members and non-PC reviewers are required to follow ACM Publications Policies (https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/toc). Particularly, we require all reviewers to uphold the integrity of the peer review process and avoid conflict of interest of any form (e.g., reviewer collusion ring). Those who violate these policies will be penalized according to ACM policies (https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/penalties-for-publication-violations). If you would like to report a violation, please contact program chairs of your conferences/workshops or SIGSAC officers. We are committed to protecting the confidentiality of your communication. 
 Important Dates 
 First Review Cycle 
 Abstract submission deadline(New!) 
 Jan 2, 2025 
 Mandatory, all papers must have an abstract submitted by this date 
 Full paper submission deadline 
 Jan 9, 2025 
 Notification of early-rejection papers 
 Feb 10, 2025 
 Author rebuttal period 
 Mar 3—6, 2025 
 Rebuttal deadline 
 Mar 6, 2025 
 Author notification 
 Mar 28, 2025 
 Second Review Cycle 
 Abstract submission deadline(New!) 
 April 7, 2025 
 Mandatory, all papers must have an abstract submitted by this date 
 Full paper submission deadline 
 April 14, 2025 
 Notification of early-rejection papers 
 May 16, 2025 
 Author rebuttal period 
 June 5—10, 2025 
 Rebuttal deadline 
 June 10, 2025 
 Author notification 
 July 1, 2025 
 Submission Site 
 Cycle A -href="https://ccs2025a.hotcrp.com/" - https://ccs2025a.hotcrp.com/
Cycle B -href="https://ccs2025b.hotcrp.com/" - https://ccs2025b.hotcrp.com/
For potential CCS attendees, please check thishref="https://www.sigsac.org/ccs/CCS2025/visa/#china" - link
for applying for a VISA or entry permit (if applicable). 
 Please Note: The official publication date is the first day of the conference. The official publication date affects the deadline for any patent filings related to published work. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 ACM CCS is committed to promoting diversity and inclusion in our community. If you have suggestions, concerns, or complaints related to biases or sexual harassment, we encourage you to reach out to the Program Chairs. We are committed to protecting the anonymity of such reports and helping to address your concerns. We value your feedback and ideas to help us all build a healthier and more welcoming community. 
 We encourage the authors to be mindful of not using language or examples that further the marginalization, stereotyping, or erasure of any group of people, especially historically marginalized and/or under-represented groups (URGs) in computing. Of course, exclusionary treatment can arise unintentionally. Be vigilant and actively guard against such issues in your writing. Reviewers will also be empowered to monitor and demand changes if such issues arise in your submissions. Please check thehref="/ccs/CCS2025/diversity-and-inclusion/" - link
for more information. 
 Agreements 
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to allACM Publications Policies, includinghref="https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/research-involving-human-participants-and-subjects" - ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects
. Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy. 
 Please ensure that you and your co-authorsobtain an ORCID ID, so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made ahref="https://authors.acm.org/author-resources/orcid-faqs" - commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors
. The collection process has started and will roll out as a requirement throughout 2022. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts. 
 About ACM CCS 
 The ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security (CCS) is theflagship annual conferenceof the Special Interest Group on Security, Audit and Control (SIGSAC) of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). The conference brings together information security researchers, practitioners, developers, and users from all over the world to explore cutting-edge ideas and results. 
 CCS will follow theACM Policy Against Harassment at ACM Activities. Please familiarize yourself withthe ACM Policy Against Harassmentandguide to Reporting Unacceptable Behavior. 
 © 2024-2025 ACM/SIGSAC.All Rights Reserved.