Conference EuroCrypt:

Eurocrypt 2025  

 May 4-8, 2025  
 Madrid, Spain  

     Home 
  Technical Program | Main program Accepted papers Call for papers Call for artifacts Paper submission  Community events 
  Affiliated Events | Affiliated events Call for affiliated events 
  Attend | Registration Venue & travel Accommodations Student Stipends Visas Code of conduct Local organization 
  Sponsors 
  Contact 

 This site is designed for browsers with javascript.  
 The dates, name, and location for the conference are in a json file.  
   
            Eurocrypt 2025, the 44th Annual International Conference on the Theory and Applications of Cryptographic Techniques, will take place in Madrid, Spain on May 4-8, 2025. Eurocrypt 2025 is organized by the International Association for Cryptologic Research (IACR). The affiliated events will take place on May 3-4, 2025.  
 Important dates  
 Oct 2, 2024 (AoE)  
 Submission deadline  
   
 Dec 6, 2024 (AoE)  
 Second submission deadline for affiliated events proposals  
   
 Dec 8, 2024  
 Rebuttal period begins  
   
 Dec 12, 2024  
 Rebuttal period ends  
   
 Jan 31, 2025  
 Final notification  
   
 Feb 17, 2025  
 Student stipend request deadline  
   
 May 4, 2025  
 Conference begins  
   
  Further details will be available soon.   

 Website updates  
 Mar 21, 2025  
 Program is online  
   
 Mar 10, 2025  
 Registration is open  
   
 Mar 3, 2025  
 Accepted papers and preliminary schedule are online  
   
 Jan 31, 2025  
 Information about hotels is online and Call for Stipends is open  
   
 Dec 21, 2024  
 Final list of affiliated events and information about Student Stipends added  
   
 Nov 7, 2024  
 1st round of affiliated events added  
   
 Oct 31, 2024  
 Call for artifacts is online  
   
 Oct 11, 2024  
 Second call for affiliated events is online  
   
 Sep 6, 2024  
 Submission server open  
   
 Jul 4, 2024  
 Call for papers is online  
   
 Jul 4, 2024  
 Call for affiliated events is online  
   
 Jul 4, 2024  
 Information on travel, venue, and visas is online  
   
 May 28, 2024  
 Website launched  

 Eurocrypt 2025  
  Copyright © 2025 by the  IACR  International Association for Cryptologic Research  •   
  Privacy Policy 

Call for Papers information:
Eurocrypt 2025  

 May 4-8, 2025  
 Madrid, Spain  

     Home 
  Technical Program | Main program Accepted papers Call for papers Call for artifacts Paper submission  Community events 
  Affiliated Events | Affiliated events Call for affiliated events 
  Attend | Registration Venue & travel Accommodations Student Stipends Visas Code of conduct Local organization 
  Sponsors 
  Contact 

 This site is designed for browsers with javascript.  
 The dates, name, and location for the conference are in a json file.  
   
  Call for Papers  
 General information  
 Eurocrypt 2025, the 44th Annual International Conference on the Theory and Applications of Cryptographic Techniques, will take place in Madrid, Spain on May 4-8, 2025. Eurocrypt 2025 is organized by the International Association for Cryptologic Research (IACR). The proceedings will be published by Springer in the LNCS series.  
 Original research papers are welcomed on any cryptographic topic, including but not limited to:  
 foundational theory and mathematics 
  the design, proposal, and analysis of cryptographic primitives and protocols 
  secure implementation and optimization in hardware or software 
  applied aspects of cryptography 
  Authors of accepted papers are asked to present their work in person at the conference.  
  
 How to submit  
 Author instructions for paper submission may be found on the submission page. Submit a paper  
   
 Important dates  
 Oct 2, 2024 (AoE)  
 Submission deadline  
   
 Dec 6, 2024 (AoE)  
 Second submission deadline for affiliated events proposals  
   
 Dec 8, 2024  
 Rebuttal period begins  
   
 Dec 12, 2024  
 Rebuttal period ends  
   
 Jan 31, 2025  
 Final notification  
   
 Feb 17, 2025  
 Student stipend request deadline  
   
 May 4, 2025  
 Conference begins  
   
  Further details will be available soon.   

 Submissions  
 Submissions must be at most 27 pages using the Springer LNCS format, including title page and figures, but excluding references. Optionally, any amount of clearly marked supplementary material may be supplied, following after the main body of the paper. However, reviewers are not required to read or review beyond the main body, and submissions are expected to be intelligible, and show sufficient scientific quality and depth, without the supplementary material.  
 The above in particular means that submissions are expected to present the core technical part of the result(s) in the main body  . Thus, the main body should allow the reader to understand and verify what is at the heart of the contribution, conceptually and technically; the supplementary material should be used mainly for tying up the loose ends, spelling out the less innovative parts, providing extensions/generalizations, etc.  
 The final published version of an accepted paper will be limited to 30 pages including references and is expected to closely match the submission. For further details, consult the paper submission page.  

 Review Process  
 Eurocrypt 2025 will operate a two-round review system with a rebuttal phase. In the first round, the program committee selects the submissions that will proceed to the second round, and the authors receive the first round notification. The authors of the selected submissions are invited to submit a text-based rebuttal letter to respond to the reviews. Furthermore, in cases where this is considered useful by the PC chairs and/or the reviewers, additional communication between authors and reviewers may be initiated (in both rounds).  
 The submissions that have not been selected during the first round of reviews (early rejects) may be submitted to other conferences after the first round notification date.  
 In the second round, the program committee further reviews the selected submissions by taking into account the rebuttal letters. The committee then makes the final decision of acceptance or rejection.  
 Early Withdrawal  
 Until final decisions have been made, authors can only withdraw their paper with the express approval of the program chairs.  
  
 PC Member Submissions  
 PC members and area chairs are restricted to submit either 1 single-author paper, up to 2 papers if at least one of them is with a co-author, or up to 3 papers if all are with co-authors and at least two are with student co-authors. The PC co-chairs are not allowed to submit any papers.  

 Awards  
 The Program Committee may choose one or more papers to receive an overall Best Paper Award. In a continuing effort to promote independent work by researchers at early stages of their careers, the Program Committee may also award a prize for the best paper(s) authored exclusively by early-career researchers. As usual, awards will only be given if deserving papers are identified.  
  
 Stipends  
 Students whose papers have been accepted and who present their talks at the conference will have their registration fees waived. Furthermore, a limited number of stipends are available to students that are unable to obtain funding to attend the conference. Students in under-represented groups are especially encouraged to apply. Application instructions will be posted together with other registration information.  
  
 Artifacts  
 To encourage open and reproducible research, authors of accepted papers will be invited to submit artifacts associated with their papers, such as software or datasets, for review. The artifact review will be a collaborative process between authors and the artifact review committee. The goal of the process is not just to evaluate artifacts, but also to improve them for reproduction and reusability by the scientific community. Artifacts that pass successfully through the artifact review process will be archived on the IACR's artifact archive at artifacts.iacr.org. Please see the detailed call for artifacts.  

 Program committee  
   
 Masayuki Abe  
 NTT Social Informatics Laboratories  
  
 Damiano Abram  
 Bocconi University  
  
 Divesh Aggarwal  
 National University of Singapore  
  
 Prabhanjan Ananth  
 University of California, Santa Barbara  
  
 Diego F. Aranha  
 Aarhus University  
  
 Gilad Asharov  
 Bar-Ilan University  
  
 Thomas Attema  
 CWI Amsterdam and TNO  
  
 Foteini Baldimtsi  
 George Mason University  
  
 Marshall Ball  
 New York University  
  
 Manuel Barbosa  
 University of Porto (FCUP) and INESC TEC and Max-Planck Institute for Security and Privacy  
  
 Lejla Batina  
 Radboud University, Netherlands  
  
 Carsten Baum  
 Technical University of Denmark  
  
 Sonia Belaïd  
 CryptoExperts  
  
 Tim Beyne  
 KU Leuven  
  
 Alexander Bienstock  
 JPMorgan AI Research & JPMorgan AlgoCRYPT CoE  
  
 Xavier Bonnetain  
 Inria Nancy  
  
 Katharina Boudgoust  
 CNRS, Université de Montpellier, LIRMM  
  
 Chris Brzuska  
 Alto University  
  
 Benedikt Bünz  
 New York University  
  
 Matteo Campanelli  
 Matter Labs  
  
 David Cash  
 University of Chicago  
  
 Dario Catalano  
 Università di Catania  
  
 Suvradip Chakraborty  
 Visa Research  
  
 Nishanth Chandran  
 Microsoft Research  
  
 Binyi Chen  
 Stanford University  
  
 Benoît Cogliati  
 Thales DIS France SAS  
  
 Jean-Sébastien Coron  
 University of Luxembourg  
  
 Elizabeth Crites  
 Web3 Foundation  
  
 Alex Davidson  
 NOVA LINCS, Universidade NOVA de Lisboa  
  
 Thomas Debris-Alazard  
 Inria Saclay and Laboratoire d’Informatique de l’École polytechnique  
  
 Patrick Derbez  
 Université de Rennes, CNRS and IRISA, IUF  
  
 Daniel Escudero  
 JP Morgan AI Research & JP Morgan AlgoCRYPT CoE  
  
 Saba Eskandarian  
 University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill  
  
 Oriol Farràs  
 Universitat Rovira i Virgili  
  
 Luca De Feo  
 IBM Research Europe  
  
 Chaya Ganesh  
 Indian Institute of Science  
  
 Juan A. Garay  
 Texas A&M University  
  
 Rosario Gennaro  
 The City University of New York  
  
 Vincent Grosso  
 CNRS and Université Jean Monnet Saint-Etienne  
  
 Paul Grubbs  
 University of Michigan  
  
 Tim Güneysu  
 Ruhr-Universität Bochum & DFKI  
  
 Felix Günther  
 IBM Research Europe – Zurich  
  
 Iftach Haitner  
 Stellar Development Foundation and Tel Aviv University  
  
 Mohammad Hajiabadi  
 University of Waterloo  
  
 David Heath  
 University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign  
  
 Dennis Hofheinz  
 ETH Zurich  
  
 Akinori Hosoyamada  
 NTT Social Informatics Laboratories  
  
 Pavel Hubáček  
 Czech Academy of Sciences and Charles University  
  
 Takanori Isobe  
 University of Hyogo  
  
 Samuel Jaques  
 University of Waterloo  
  
 Stanislaw Jarecki  
 University of California, Irvine  
  
 Bhavana Kanukurthi  
 Indian Institute of Science  
  
 Julia Kastner  
 CWI Amsterdam  
  
 Shuichi Katsumata  
 PQShield & AIST  
  
 Jonathan Katz  
 Google and University of Maryland  
  
 Aggelos Kiayias  
 University of Edinburgh and IOG  
  
 Michael Klooß  
 Aalto University  
  
 Venkata Koppula  
 Indian Institute of Technology Delhi  
  
 Gaëtan Leurent  
 Inria  
  
 Qipeng Liu  
 University of California, San Diego  
  
 Alex Lombardi  
 Princeton  
  
 Julian Loss  
 CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security  
  
 Bernardo Magri  
 The University of Manchester and Primev  
  
 Christian Majenz  
 Technical University of Denmark  
  
 Giulio Malavolta  
 Bocconi University  
  
 Loïc Masure  
 CNRS, Université de Montpellier, LIRMM  
  
 Noam Mazor  
 Tel Aviv University  
  
 Florian Mendel  
 Infineon Technologies  
  
 Daniele Micciancio  
 University of California, San Diego  
  
 Brice Minaud  
 Inria and ENS  
  
 Tal Moran  
 Reichman University  
  
 Tomoyuki Morimae  
 Kyoto University  
  
 Pratyay Mukherjee  
 Supra Research  
  
 Yusuke Naito  
 Mitsubishi Electric Corporation  
  
 Adam O'Neill  
 UMass Amherst  
  
 Sabine Oechsner  
 Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam  
  
 Michele Orrù  
 CNRS  
  
 Charalampos Papamanthou  
 Yale University  
  
 Rafael Pass  
 Cornell University  
  
 Giuseppe Persiano  
 U. Salerno and Google  
  
 Thomas Peyrin  
 Nanyang Technological University  
  
 Eamonn W. Postlethwaite  
 King's College London  
  
 Vinod Prabhakaran  
 TIFR, Mumbai  
  
 Willy Quach  
 CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security  
  
 Carla Ràfols  
 Universitat Pompeu Fabra  
  
 Divya Ravi  
 University of Amsterdam  
  
 Michael Reichle  
 ETH Zurich  
  
 Alon Rosen  
 Bocconi University  
  
 Lior Rotem  
 Stanford University  
  
 Lawrence Roy  
 Aarhus University  
  
 Simona Samardjiska  
 Radboud University  
  
 Olivier Sanders  
 Orange Labs  
  
 Sven Schäge  
 Eindhoven University of Technology  
  
 Gregor Seiler  
 IBM Research Europe  
  
 Yannick Seurin  
 Ledger  
  
 Danping Shi  
 Institute of Information Engineering, Chinese Academy of Sciences  
  
 Thomas Shrimpton  
 University of Florida  
  
 Luisa Siniscalchi  
 Technical University of Denmark  
  
 Fang Song  
 Portland State University  
  
 Ling Song  
 Jinan University  
  
 Nicholas Spooner  
 Cornell University  
  
 Damien Stehlé  
 CryptoLab Inc  
  
 Ron Steinfeld  
 Monash University  
  
 Samuel Tap  
 Zama  
  
 Mehdi Tibouchi  
 NTT Social Informatics Laboratories  
  
 Jean-Pierre Tillich  
 Inria  
  
 Yosuke Todo  
 NTT Social Informatics Laboratories  
  
 Aleksei Udovenko  
 SnT, University of Luxembourg  
  
 Gilles Van Assche  
 STMicroelectronics  
  
 Serge Vaudenay  
 EPFL  
  
 Daniele Venturi  
 Sapienza University of Rome  
  
 Frederik Vercauteren  
 KU Leuven  
  
 Alexandre Wallet  
 PQShield  
  
 Benjamin Wesolowski  
 CNRS and ENS Lyon  
  
 Wessel van Woerden  
 University of Bordeaux  
  
 Sophia Yakoubov  
 Aarhus University  
  
 Yang Yu  
 Tsinghua University  
  
 Morten Øygarden  
 Simula UiB  

 Area chairs  
 Alexandra Boldyreva  
 Georgia Tech University  
  
 Dan Boneh  
 Stanford University  
  
 Joan Daemen  
 Radboud University  
  
 Feng-Hao Liu  
 Washington State University  
  
 Tal Malkin  
 Columbia University  
  
 Jesper Buus Nielsen  
 University of Aarhus  
  
 Kenneth G. Paterson  
 ETH Zurich  
  
 Matthieu Rivain  
 CryptoExperts  
  
 Emmanuel Thomé  
 Inria  
  
 Dominique Unruh  
 University of Tartu  

 Program co-chairs  
 Serge Fehr  
 Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica (CWI) and Leiden University  
  The Netherlands  
  
 Pierre-Alain Fouque  
 University of Rennes  
  France  

  eurocrypt2025programchairs @ iacr dot org   
   
 General co-chairs  
 Ignacio Cascudo  
 General Co-Chair  
 IMDEA Software Institute  
  Madrid, Spain  
  
 Dario Fiore  
 General Chair  
 IMDEA Software Institute  
  Madrid, Spain  
  
 Maria Isabel Gonzalez Vasco  
 General Co-Chair  
 Universidad Carlos III de Madrid  
  Madrid, Spain  

  eurocrypt2025 @ iacr dot org   

 Eurocrypt 2025  
  Copyright © 2025 by the  IACR  International Association for Cryptologic Research  •   
  Privacy Policy    
   

Important Dates information:
