Conference full name: Conference on Algorithmic Aspects in Information and Management (AAIM)

1. Website of AAIM_0: https://theory.utdallas.edu/AAIM2024/
Website information of AAIM_0:

AAIM 2024 
  Conference Photos 
  Call for Papers 
  Organizing Committee 
  Program Committee 
  Keynote Speakers 
  Accepted Papers 
  Final Paper Submission 
  Conference Program 
  Registration (No Fee) 
  Contact Us 

  The 18th International Conference on Algorithmic Aspects in Information and Management (AAIM 2024) will be held during September 21-23, 2024. The conference is based at the University of Texas at Dallas and will be held online through conferencing software(No Registration Fee).    
 Important Date   
 * Due to a malfunction in the paper submission system, we have extended the submission deadline to June 10.  
 Paper Submission Deadline ( | June 1, 2024 23:59 CEST  June 10, 2024 23:59 CDT | ) 
  Author Notification ( July 1, 2024 23:59 CDT) 
  Camera-Ready Version Due ( July 10, 2024 23:59 CDT) 
  Registration Due ( July 10, 2024 23:59 CDT) 
  Conference Dates ( September 21-23, 2024 CDT) 
  Please send all concerns and questions to the AAIM 2024 email address:  
  AAIM2024.chairs@gmail.com.

2. Website of AAIM_1: https://scholarcommons.scu.edu/faculty_books/644/
Website information of AAIM_1:

  
   "Algorithmic Aspects in Information and Management: 18Th International " by Smita Ghosh and Zhao Zhang                                                  Menu Home 
  Search 
  Browse Collections 
  My Account 
  About 
  Digital Commons Network™ 

 Skip to main content Academics 
  Admissions 
  Centers 
  Scholar Commons  

 My Account 
  FAQ 
  About 
  Home 

 < | Previous 
  Next | > 
   Home >  FACULTY_BOOKS >  644  

 Faculty Book Gallery  

 Algorithmic Aspects in Information and Management: 18Th International Conference, AAIM 2024, Virtual Event, September 21-23, 2024, Proceedings. Part II  

 Authors  
 Smita Ghosh  , Santa Clara University  Follow  
  Zhao Zhang   

 Role  
 Smita Ghosh (Editor)  
 Zhao Zhang (Editor)  

 Files  

 Description  
 This two-volume set LNCS 15179-15180 constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 18th International Conference on Algorithmic Aspects in Information and Management, AAIM 2024, which took place virtually during September 21-23, 2024.  
  The 45 full papers presented in these two volumes were carefully reviewed and selected from 76 submissions. The papers are organized in the following topical sections:  
  Part I: Optimization and applications; submodularity, management and others,  
  Part II: Graphs and networks; quantum and others.  

 ISBN  
 978-981-97-7801-0  

 Publication Date  
 9-2024  

 Publisher  
 Springer Singapore  

 Keywords  
 Algorithms and data structures, Algorithmic game theory and incentive analysis, Approximation algorithms and online algorithms, Automata, languages, logic, and computability Blockchain, Combinatorial optimization, Combinatorics and discrete structures related to algorithms, Communication networks and optimization, Complexity theory, Cryptography, reliability, and security, Graph algorithms and theory, Large graph algorithms and social network analysis, Optimization algorithms in economic and operations research, Parallel and distributed computing and multicore algorithms, Quantum computing, Computational learning theory, knowledge discovery, data mining  

 Recommended Citation  
 Ghosh, Smita and Zhang, Zhao, "Algorithmic Aspects in Information and Management: 18Th International Conference, AAIM 2024, Virtual Event, September 21-23, 2024, Proceedings. Part II" (2024). Faculty Book Gallery  . 644.  
  https://scholarcommons.scu.edu/faculty_books/644  

  Buy this Book    
  DOWNLOADS  
 Since February 07, 2025  

 Share  
    Facebook     LinkedIn     WhatsApp     Email       Share    

 COinS    

 Browse  
 Collections 
  Disciplines 
  Authors 
  Search  
 Enter search terms:       
 Select context to search:  in this collection  in this repository  across all repositories      
  Advanced Search  
 Notify me via email or RSS 
  Author Corner  
 Author FAQ 
  Links  
 Santa Clara University 
  University Library 

 Elsevier - Digital Commons    
 Home | About | FAQ | My Account | Accessibility Statement  
 Privacy Copyright  

 Copy link      ✓   
   
 Thanks for sharing!   

 Find any service        

      AddToAny   

      More…

3. Website of AAIM_2: https://scholarcommons.scu.edu/fac_new_pubs25/
Website information of AAIM_2:

  
   Faculty New Publications Reception 2025 | Santa Clara University               Menu Home 
  Search 
  Browse Collections 
  My Account 
  About 
  Digital Commons Network™ 

 Skip to main content Academics 
  Admissions 
  Centers 
  Scholar Commons  

 My Account 
  FAQ 
  About 
  Home 

 Home >  FAC_NEW_PUBS25  

  Faculty New Publications Reception 2025  

 Printing is not supported at the primary Gallery Thumbnail page. Please first navigate to a specific Image before printing.  Follow   
 Switch View to Grid View Slideshow   
   
 Encountering Artificial Intelligence: Ethical and Anthropological Investigations  
 Artificial Intelligence Research Group of the Vatican Center for Digital Culture, Matthew J. Gaudet, Noreen Herzfeld, Paul Scherz, Jordan J. Wales, Nathan Colaner, Jeremiah Coogan, Mariele Courtois, Brian Cutter, David E. DeCosse, Justin Charles Gable, Brian Patrick Green, James Kintz, Cory Andrew Labrecque, Catherine Moon, Anselm Ramelow, John P. Slattery, Margarita Vega, Luis G. Vera, Andrea Vicini, and Warren von Eschenbach   
 What does it mean to consider the world of AI through a Christian lens? Rapid developments in AI continue to reshape society, raising new ethical questions and challenging our understanding of the human person. Encountering Artificial Intelligence draws on Pope Francis’ discussion of a culture of encounter and broader themes in Catholic social thought in order to examine how current AI applications affect human relationships in various social spheres and offers concrete recommendations for better implementation. The document also explores questions regarding personhood, consciousness, and the kinds of relationships humans might have with even the most advanced AI. Through these discussions, this book investigates the theoretical and practical challenges to interpersonal encounter raised by the age of AI. 
  Living Prayer: A Book of Hours for Renewing Creation  
 Alison M. Benders, Lisa A. Fullam, and Gina Hens-Piazza   
 Morning and evening prayer for those seeking to respond to Pope Francis’s call for greater care for our common home.   
 “God saw everything that was made, and indeed, it was very good.” Yet human disregard for creation endangers that goodness. In Living Prayer: A Book of Hours for Cultivating Life,  authors Alison M. Benders, Lisa Fullam, and Gina Hens-Piazza invite readers to embrace our role as servant-cultivators in the ecology of God, celebrating and sustaining all that is.  
 Following the pattern of the daily prayer of the church, Living Prayer  offers a four-week cycle of morning and evening prayer to support a more sustainable lifestyle and embodies an ethic of care for our common home. Created with ecological and social justice-oriented individuals and organizations in mind, Living Prayer  supports hands-on work in local communities, empowered by reflection and prayer. The book also includes a variety of green rituals to extend ecological prayer through practices that enlist elements of the reader’s environment to connect to God’s presence in the created world. It is an invitation to live the prayer of our hearts so that the ecology of God flourishes to cultivate the new creation. 
  Mathematics Instruction in Dual Language Classrooms: Theory and Research That Informs Practice  
 Marco A. Bravo and Kip Téllez   
 Language and culture play a critical role in the teaching of mathematics and this role intensifies when considering the teaching of mathematics in dual language classrooms. This book unpacks lessons learned from socio-cultural theory being applied to research of the teaching of mathematics to Emergent Bilinguals with the end of informing practice. Utilizing a socio-cultural lens, authors present the possibilities and limits of the teaching of mathematics in dual language programs (90/10; 50/50 models). Themes of translanguaging, disciplinary literacy instruction, and culturally responsive instruction are leveraged to test the potential of these constructs to assist Spanish/English Emergent Bilinguals access rigorous mathematics content. Authors also present limits to these models, as often they can overshadow the mathematics learning. We embrace a stance where language and literacy are seen as tools for content area learning and not as ends unto themselves. 
  Supply Chain Finance: Mechanisms, Risk Analytics, and Technology.  
 Gangshu (George) Cai   
 As global supply chains become more complex, the need for expertise in their financial aspects grows. This book aims to equip students and professionals with the knowledge to navigate these complexities, ensuring efficient and resilient financial supply chain operations. It provides an in-depth exploration into the intricate and constantly evolving realm of supply chain finance. By merging key concepts, major mechanisms, hands-on risk analytics, and the latest technology trends, this book offers a seamless and comprehensive examination of the topic, grounded in the author's twenty years of academic research and hands-on experience.  
 Students in supply chain management will gain a thorough understanding of the financial elements that are integral to modern supply chains, including the importance of liquidity, the role of financial institutions, and the optimization of cash flows within the supply chain ecosystem. Definitions will be used throughout the text to elucidate financial terminology that may be unfamiliar to management students. The instructor’s manual will include PowerPoint slides, exercises, and quizzes to assess student comprehension and progress. This textbook will serve as the primary resource for understanding the financial dimensions of supply chains. 
  The Transformative Power of Architecture and Urban Design: Planning for Social and Spatial Justice  
 Mohammad Ali Chaichian   
 Informed by urban political economy and critical social analysis, this book provides a critical comparative analysis of macro- and micro-level spatial design processes in architecture and urban planning. It interrogates the extent to which past and existing approaches to design have catered to social justice issues. With a special focus on the Right to the City approach and recent efforts to democratize urban spaces in the post-COVID 19 pandemic era, the book draws on examples of spatial design from the USA, Northern European countries and elsewhere to shed light on the presence (or lack) of social justice concerns in liberal capitalist and social democratic societies. This book is an important academic addition and resource for undergraduate and graduate curricula in architecture and urban planning/design programs, as well as a complementary resource for practitioners and policy planners who engage in urban development and transformation. 
  The Rule of the Association and Related Texts  
 John J. Collins and James Nati   
 This book provides text, translation, and commentary on 1QS (Serekh ha-Yahad), 1QSa (Rule of the Congregation), 1QSb (Scroll of Blessings), and related fragmentary texts: 1Q29a, 4QS a–j  , 5Q11, and 11Q29. It also provides introductions to 1QS, 1QSa, 1QSb, and to the related fragments from Caves 1, 4, 5, and 11. Each of the fragmentary manuscripts is presented in full and analyzed in its own right, and not treated simply as variants of 1QS. The entity for which the Rule was written (the yahad  ) is called an “association” rather than a “community,” because it assumes that members have multiple settlements, not just one at Qumran. The commentary recognizes, however, that a special group is set aside within the association, to go into the desert to pursue a higher degree of holiness. The introduction to 1QS attempts to locate this association in the context of ancient Judaism, and also pays attention to the broader cultural context, by noting the phenomenon of voluntary associations in the Hellenistic world and the influence of Zoroastrian dualism on the doctrine of two spirits of light and darkness in 1QS 3–4. The commentary engages the full range of scholarship on the Rule and provides a comprehensive bibliography. 
  Past and Future Presence: Approaches for Implementing XR Technology in Humanities and Art Education  
 Lissa Crofton-Sleigh and Brian Beams   
 While uses and studies of XR technology within STEM-based education have been plentiful in recent years, there has been lesser or even, at times, a lack of coverage for this novel learning tool in the arts and humanities. Past and Future Presence  aims to bridge some of that gap by presenting research-based theory and case studies of successful application and implementation of XR technology into postsecondary educational settings, ranging in topics from ancient to modern languages, classical and contemporary art, and reenvisioned historical scenes and events presented in ways never seen before. The studies also contemplate how this novel medium can enhance and supplement learning in classrooms and other formal or informal learning environments. The volume as a whole is intended to demonstrate to educators, scholars, and researchers in higher education the potential value of integrating XR technology into their classrooms and to provide a strong argument for college and university administrators to invest in training and development of new research and content for classrooms inside and outside of STEM. The authors of these chapters come from a diverse range of backgrounds at different stages of their careers, providing a broad crosssection of scholastic work within the humanities and arts. Each chapter offers a different angle or approach to incorporating XR technology into teaching or research within different subject areas. As the volume suggests, this technology also places additional emphasis on the humanity within the humanities, by focusing on increasing connection between users and different cultures, time periods, and perspectives. 
  The Palgrave Handbook of Everyday Digital Life  
 Hopeton S. Dunn, Massimo Ragnedda, Maria Laura Ruiu, and Laura Robinson   
 This comprehensive Handbook explores the multiple ways in which people experience digital life. It maps the transitions in human civilization generated by such digital technologies as the internet, mobile telephony, artificial intelligence, the metaverse, social media platforms and algorithms. It explores how the scarcity or abundance of digital affordances impacts access, governance and livelihoods in various parts of the world. The book’s 27 chapters are organised in five sections: Social Media and Digital Lifeworlds; Digital Affordances and Contestations; Digital Divides and Inclusion Strategies; Work, Culture and Digital Consumption, and New Media and Digital Journalism. The present and future of digital transitions are interrogated in the context of everyday social production and consumption. 
  Fairness in Search Systems  
 Yi Fang, Ashudeep Singh, and Zhiqiang Tao   
 Search engines play a crucial role in organizing and delivering information to billions of users worldwide. However, these systems often reflect and amplify existing societal biases and stereotypes through their search results and rankings. This concern has prompted researchers to investigate methods for measuring and reducing algorithmic bias, with the goal of developing more equitable search systems. This monograph presents a comprehensive taxonomy of fairness in search systems and surveys the current research landscape. We systematically examine how bias manifests across key search components, including query interpretation and processing, document representation and indexing, result ranking algorithms, and system evaluation metrics. By critically analyzing the existing literature, we identify persistent challenges and promising research directions in the pursuit of fairer search systems. Our aim is to provide a foundation for future work in this rapidly evolving field while highlighting opportunities to create more inclusive and equitable information retrieval technologies. 
  Algorithmic Aspects in Information and Management: 18Th International Conference, AAIM 2024, Virtual Event, September 21-23, 2024, Proceedings. Part II  
 Smita Ghosh and Zhao Zhang   
 This two-volume set LNCS 15179-15180 constitutes the refereed proceedings of the 18th International Conference on Algorithmic Aspects in Information and Management, AAIM 2024, which took place virtually during September 21-23, 2024.  
  The 45 full papers presented in these two volumes were carefully reviewed and selected from 76 submissions. The papers are organized in the following topical sections:  
  Part I: Optimization and applications; submodularity, management and others,  
  Part II: Graphs and networks; quantum and others. 
  Picture Bride, War Bride: The Role of Marriage in Shaping Japanese America  
 Sonia C. Gomez   
 Examines the role marriage played in the lives of Japanese women during periods of racial exclusion in the United States   
   
  In 1908 the United States and Japan agreed to limit the migration of Japanese laborers to the US. The Gentlemen’s Agreement of 1908 ushered in an era of exclusion for the Japanese, but an exception was made for Japanese women who migrated as wives of Japanese men. In 1924 that exception would end with the passage of the National Origins Act. Immediately after World War II, Japanese women were once again permitted to enter the US as brides— this time, however, as the wives of American servicemen stationed throughout Japan. The ban on Japanese immigration would not be lifted until 1952.  
   
  Picture Bride, War Bride  examines how the institution of marriage created pockets of legal and social inclusion for Japanese women during the period of Japanese exclusion. Sonia C. Gomez begins with the first wave of Japanese women's migration in the early twentieth century (picture brides), and ends with the second mass migration of Japanese women after World War II (war brides), to illustrate how popular and political discourse drew on overlapping and conflicting logics to either racially exclude the Japanese or facilitate their inclusion via immigration legislation privileging wives and mothers. Picture Bride, War Bride  retells the history of Japanese migration and exclusion by centering women, gender, and sexuality, and in so doing, troubles the inclusion versus exclusion binary. While the Japanese were racially excluded between 1908 and 1952, Japanese wives and mothers were permitted entry because their inclusion served American interests in the Pacific. However, the very rationale enabling their inclusion simultaneously restricted and defined the parameters of their lives within the US.  
   
  Picture Bride, War Bride  serves as a compelling analysis of how the intricate interplay between societal norms and political interests can both harness and contradict the interconnected frameworks of race, gender, and sexuality. 
  Tsongkhapa: The Legacy of Tibet's Great Philosopher-Saint  
 David B. Gray   
 Tsongkhapa’s seminal contributions to Buddhist thought and practice, and to the course of history, are illuminated and celebrated by some of his foremost modern interpreters.   
   
  Few figures have impacted the trajectory of Buddhism as much as the great philosopher and meditator, scholar and reformer, Tsongkhapa Losang Drakpa (1357–1419), the founder of the Geluk school of Tibetan Buddhism and teacher of the First Dalai Lama. His Ganden tradition spread throughout Central Asia and Mongolia, and today, through figures such as the Dalai Lama, who calls Tsongkhapa a second Nagarjuna, his teachings are shaping intellectual conversations and ethical practice globally. To commemorate the 600th anniversary of Tsongkhapa’s passing, a special conference was held at Ganden Monastery in India in 2019, featuring some of the best translators and interpreters of his teachings today. Highlights of those incisive summations of Tsongkhapa’s special contributions are gathered in this volume. Here we discover Tsongkhapa the philosopher, Tsongkhapa the master of the Buddhist canon, Tsongkhapa the tantric adept, and Tsongkhapa as the visionary who united wisdom to compassion.  
   
  Each of the authors featured looks at a distinct facet of Tsongkhapa’s legacy. Donald Lopez provides a global context, Guy Newland distills Tsongkhapa’s Middle Way, Dechen Rochard uncovers the identity view, Jay Garfield examines the conceptualized ultimate, Thupten Jinpa highlights the seminal importance Tsongkhapa placed on ascertainment, David Gray looks at his approach to Cakrasamvara tantra, Gavin Kilty surveys his Guhyasamaja tantra commentary, Roger Jackson surmises his views on Zen and mahamudra, Geshé Ngawang Samten examines his provisional-definitive distinction, Gareth Sparham highlights his scholastic prowess, Mishig-Ish Bataa illuminates his impact in Mongolia, and Bhiksuni Thubten Chodron presents his instructions on how to cultivate compassion.  
   
  Whether you are well acquainted with Tsongkhapa’s life and thought or you are encountering him here for the first time, you will find The Legacy of Tsongkhapa an illuminating survey of his unique explorations of the highest aspirations of humanity. 
  The Economics of Innovation and Intellectual Property  
 Bronwyn H. Hall and Christian Helmers   
 The first comprehensive textbook covering all aspects of the economics of innovation and the role of intellectual property in encouraging or discouraging innovation   
   
  Innovation is widely viewed as the engine behind economic growth, and it has assumed increasing importance in contemporary economic research. In The Economics of Innovation and Intellectual Property  , Bronwyn H. Hall and Christian Helmers introduce readers to the use of economic analysis for the understanding of technical change and the innovative process, its determinants, and consequences.  
   
  The authors cover innovation basics, the measurement of returns to innovation for individuals and the economy, and the use of intellectual property protection by innovators. They focus on the various ways patents have been used by industry to secure returns to innovation, as well as the strategic use of patents, and they emphasize present-day technologies including pharmaceuticals, software, and AI.  
   
  Clearly organized and accessible, The Economics of Innovation and Intellectual Property  offers a useful introduction to economics, business, public policy, and legal studies, and provides a comprehensive collection of references and information from a variety of sources across disciplines. It also includes various boxes with definitions and examples, as well as a brief mathematical appendix explaining concepts that may be unfamiliar and an introduction to data sources. 
  America's Psychological Now: Enlivening the Social and Collective Unconscious in a Time of Urgency  
 Mardy Ireland and Teri Quatman   
 This book explores the causes behind Trump's victory in the 2016 US presidential election and asks how a psychoanalytic understanding of the social unconscious can help us plot a new direction for the future in US politics and beyond.  
 It first describes the social/psychological threads that are the now of American culture. Seeds of hope are discovered through an in-depth examination of the American idea of excess as represented by Trump, its archetypal figure. Essential psychoanalytic ideas such as, the fundamental human condition of living with both individual and social unconscious, the psychic feminine principal, the notion of psychic valence and more are illustrated as psychic integrations necessary for America to move towards a redemptive positive social change. This book combines feminist exploration with playful illustrative imagery and mythic story—aiming to awaken minds across generations.  
 America’s Psychological Now  is key reading for psychoanalysis, psychologists, political theorists, and anyone wishing to understand better how the social and political systems could be changed for the future. 
  The Circuit Graphic Novel  
 Francisco Jimenez and Celia Jacobs   
 Poignantly told from a young boy’s perspective, the popular and award-winning memoir centered on a Mexican family working California’s fields is now a powerful graphic novel that will appeal to readers of Illegal and They Called Us Enemy.  
 An honest and evocative account of a family’s journey from Mexico to the fields of California—and to a life of backbreaking work and constant household moves—as seen through the eyes of a boy who longs for education and the right to call one place home.  
 A popular choice for community reads, as well as school curricula and curriculum adoptions, Francisco Jiménez’s award-winning memoir, now brought to life in Celia Jacob’s beautiful and resonant artwork, is a powerful story of survival, faith, and hope. 
  Exploring Extended Realities Metaphysical, Psychological, and Ethical Challenges  
 Andrew Kissel and Erick Jose Ramirez   
 This volume highlights interdisciplinary research on the ethical, metaphysical, and experimental dimensions of extended reality technologies, including virtual and augmented realities. It explores themes connected to the nature of virtual objects, the value of virtual experiences and relationships, experimental ethics, moral psychology in the metaverse, and game/simulation design.  
 Extended reality (XR) refers to a family of technologies aiming to augment (AR) or virtually replace (VR) human experience. The chapters in this volume represent cutting-edge research on XR experiences from a wide range of approaches including philosophy, psychology, Africana studies, and cognitive sciences. They are organized around three guiding questions. Part 1, “What is Extended Reality?”, contains a series of chapters examining metaphysical questions about virtual objects, actions, and worlds. Part 2, “Is There an Ethics for Extended Realities?”, includes chapters that address ethical questions that arise within XR experiences. Finally, Part 3, “What Can We Do with Extended Realities?”, features chapters from a diverse group of social scientists on the potential uses of XR as an investigative and educational tool, including its strengths and pitfalls.  
 Exploring Extended Realities  will appeal to scholars and advanced students working in philosophy of technology, metaphysics, moral psychology, applied ethics, and game studies. 
  A Black Theology of the American Empire  
 Karl W. Lampley   
 This book understands, interprets, and critiques the theology of the American Empire that undergirds and bolsters U.S. foreign policy and global engagement in the contemporary world order. It is particularly in conversation with African American experience, American presidential history, black religious and political thought, as well as black theological perspectives. The book makes a constructive theological statement and declaration on the American Empire in opposition and resistance to racism and white supremacy in U.S. origins and historical development. Finally it proposes a way forward for twenty-first century black theology in response to the foundational theology of James Cone. This publication is important, not only for scholars interested in black religious thought, but also those seeking critical reflection on the omnipresence of racial inequality and social injustice in the American Empire. 
  Sanctuary: Exclusion, Violence, and Indigenous Migrants in the East Bay  
 Cruz Medina   
 In Sanctuary  , Cruz Medina presents a powerful counterstory to dominant narratives surrounding Latin American and Global South im/migration by bringing attention to the displacement of Indigenous Guatemalan Maya people who seek refuge in the United States. These migrants have exchanged gang and narcotrafficker violence for the dehumanizing and exclusionary rhetoric of US political leaders, militarized immigration enforcement, false promises of empowerment through literacy, and further displacement from gentrification. Medina combines decolonial critical race theory with autoethnography to examine white supremacist policies that impact US and transnational Indigenous populations who have been displaced by neocolonial projects of capitalism.  
 Taking a Northern California community of migrants from Guatemala as a case study, Medina demonstrates the ways in which immigration policy and educational barriers exclude Indigenous migrant populations. He follows the community at the “Sanctuary”—a Spanish-speaking church in the East Bay Area that serves as a place of worship, English language instruction, and refuge for migrants. Medina assembles participant observations, interviews, surveys, and other data to provide points of entry into intersecting issues of immigration, violence, language, and property and to untangle aspects of citizenship, exclusion, and assumptions about literacy. 
  الطيور المهاجرة: قصص حقيقية عن النجاة والأمل والصمود  
 Mimi Melkonian and Mohammed Kadalah   
 في "الطيور المهاجرة"، جمعت ميمي مالكونيان مجموعة رائعة من قصص المهاجرين السوريين الذين غادروا أماكن مألوفة، وأفراد عائلاتهم، وغير ذلك الكثير، وهم يعلمون أنهم قد لا يخطون خطوة أخرى في وطنهم. كانت رؤيتهم لحياةٍ أفضل هي ما ألهمهم لمواصلة التقدّم دون النظر إلى الوراء. لقد مكّنهم إصرارهم من النجاح في البلدان التي تبنّتهم. تقدّم ملكونيان لمحات عن 16 مهاجرًا ملهمًا، من بينهم فنانون، وموسيقيون، ومثقّفون، ورواد أعمال.  
 In Nightingales, Mimi Malkonian brings together a fascinating collection of stories of Syrian migrants who left familiar places, family members, and more, knowing they might never make it back home. Their vision of a better life inspired them to keep moving forward without looking back. Their determination enabled them to succeed in their adopted countries. Malkonian profiles 16 inspiring migrants, including artists, musicians, intellectuals, and entrepreneurs. 
  Autodesk AutoCAD Architecture 2025 Fundamentals  
 Elise Moss   
 Autodesk AutoCAD Architecture 2025  Fundamentals is an introductory guide designed specifically for those who are new to AutoCAD Architecture 2025. It provides a detailed exploration of the software's key features such as the Styles Browser, Styles Manager, Layer Manager, Design Center, and key architectural elements such as Structural Members, Doors, Windows, Walls and Roofs.  
 The book employs an instructional approach, progressing with each chapter to gradually build your knowledge and proficiency. The practical, step-by-step lessons walk you through the complete process of creating an architectural project, from the initial site and framing plans to the completion of a standard three-bedroom, two-bathroom, two-story residence.  
 Two building projects are detailed within this guide - an Imperial unit-based two-story Tahoe log cabin, and a metric unit-based one-story medical clinic. The aim of these projects is to provide you with a comprehensive understanding of the software, enabling you to create a standard model and customize the interface to suit your specific needs.  
 In addition to core features and functionalities, the book provides a deep dive into the toolbars, dialog boxes, and commands of AutoCAD Architecture 2025.  
 Designed with an educational perspective, the book incorporates quizzes and practice exams to reinforce learning, and also includes suggestions for additional assignments. This guide serves as an essential resource for anyone seeking to master the fundamentals of AutoCAD Architecture 2025. 
  Passing: Anatomies and Physiologies of Identity Transformations  
 Mihaela Mudure and Aparajita Nanda   
 As an identity shift that has existed for centuries, passing is a strategy to change one’s perceived identity that cannot be separated from colorism, or the preference for individuals exhibiting European-like bodily features. The results of the psychological study of colorism undertaken by Crutchfield et al. show that this predilection is a “historical trauma response [that] not only incorporates subjugation of oppressed African Americans, but can also incorporate resistance” (826). Passing can send mixed messages where oppression contaminates resistance and vice versa. 
  African Women’s Liberating Philosophies, Theologies, and Ethics  
 Beatrice Okyere-Manu and Léocadie Lushombo   
 This volume explores the ethical and philosophical paradigms presented by most of the influential Matriarchs of the Circle of African Women Theologians. It critically evaluates the effectiveness of their ethical and philosophical theories, models, and frameworks in pursuing justice and liberation for women in Africa and globally. The authors address critical questions: How have African women theologians reimagined existing ethical paradigms? What original ethical and philosophical ideas have they generated? How have their ethical frameworks influenced the theologies and interpretations they have developed? What purposes do their ethical and philosophical paradigms serve? How do these renderings intersect with various social categories, including gender, race, class, sexuality, capitalism, and colonialism? What liberating frameworks do they propose?  
 The volume further explores the dialogue between distinct African contexts and universal experiences and values. It explores how universal themes such as humanity, human dignity, rights, justice, motherhood, and more can coexist with communal African concepts and themes. It contemplates how embracing African approaches engages these themes more globally, bringing together particular African contexts of women and the universal ethical, philosophical, and theological theories, models, and frameworks to advance the cause of justice and liberation for African women and women worldwide into the future. 
  Voting for Ethics: A Guide for U.S. Voters (Second Edition)  
 John P. Pelissero, Ann Gregg Skeet, and Hana S. Callahan   
 Voting for Ethics is a non-partisan guide that equips U.S. voters to make informed decisions. It emphasizes identifying ethical candidates, irrespective of political affiliations.  
 The updated second edition delves into the role of artificial intelligence in politics and the importance of a candidate's commitment to the peaceful transition of power. This book is a call to action for voters to scrutinize candidates' integrity, ensuring their vote contributes to an ethical political landscape. 
  Christian Perspectives on Transforming Interreligious Encounter: Essays in Honor of Leo D. Lefebure  
 Peter C. Phan and Anh Q. Tran   
 Christian Perspectives on Transforming Interreligious Encounter  underscores the urgency of interreligious dialogue for contemporary society, aiming to foster interfaith understanding, justice, and peace. The initial section focuses on novel approaches to engaging with the religious Other through non-Christian sacred texts. Contributors explore the Jewish-Christian relationship, offer Christian interpretations of Hindu, Buddhist, and Confucian scriptures, and discuss the Qurʾān's potential to refine Christian theology. The dangers of comparative theology are warned against, and alternative perspectives, such as Asian liberation theology, are proposed for situating religion critically, as well as share the insights on Christian engagement with Zen practice. The second part explores the transformation of key Christian doctrines through interreligious encounters. Contributors delve into topics such as the conditions for faith and divine revelation, formulating a Christology in dialogue with Asian traditions, and understanding the Spirit as a source of questioning. They investigate the communitarian dimension of religious faith, discuss the Catholic Church's stance on interreligious dialogue, examine the role of biblical hermeneutics in decolonizing theology, and reflect on the existential threat of ecological destruction. The third part pays tribute to Leo Lefebure, emphasizing his impact on Catholic theology and comparative theology, and concludes with Lefebure's epilogue, providing him with the last word. 
  Health Behavior Change: Proven Strategies for a Longer and Healthier Life (First Edition)  
 Thomas G. Plante   
 Behavior is hard to change, especially when habits are well-ingrained into our daily lives and lifestyle. Yet, many people are desperate to change their behaviors, especially when it comes to health-related habits that can contribute to significant health problems.  
   
  Health Behavior Change: Proven Strategies for a Longer and Healthier Life  presents readers with a wide variety of evidence-based best practices in cognitive behavioral therapy that can help individuals change their health behaviors for good. The simple and straightforward workbook features a collection of questions and exercises that inspire thoughtful reflection and action. Dedicated sections of the workbook tackle individual behaviors—including diet, exercise, alcohol, smoking, sleep, and more—allowing readers to focus on topics that are of interest to them. Principles and tools for health behavior change are outlined in each chapter, providing readers with the tools they need to initiate long-term behavioral transformation.  
   
  Based on Thomas G. Plante’s experiences teaching health psychology to college students for over 30 years and treating clinical patients struggling with health behavior efforts for over 40 years, Health Behavior Change is an ideal resource for anyone interested in improving their health and well-being through evidence-based best practices. The workbook is also a useful tool for clinicians treating patients who wish to make behavioral-based health changes in their lives. 
    
 1 
  2 

 Browse  
 Collections 
  Disciplines 
  Authors 
  Search  
 Enter search terms:       
 Select context to search:  in this collection  in this repository  across all repositories      
  Advanced Search  
 Notify me via email or RSS 
  Author Corner  
 Author FAQ 
  Links  
 Santa Clara University 
  University Library 

 Elsevier - Digital Commons    
 Home | About | FAQ | My Account | Accessibility Statement  
 Privacy Copyright

