Conference CASC:

Computer Algebra in Scientific ComputingMenuHome 
 href="call.html" - CASC 2025 
 Invited Talks 
 Committees 
 Bibliography 
 Directions 
 CASC 2025 · Nov. 24 - 28, Dubai, The United Arab Emirates 
 Invited Talks at CASC 2025 
 We are proud to present the invited speakers of CASC conference.href="invitedTalks.html" - Please find here the invited talks at CASC 2025.
© 2024-25 Computer Algebra in Scientific Computing. 
 All rights reserved. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Contact Webmaster 

Call for Papers information:
Computer Algebra in Scientific ComputingMenuHome 
 href="call.html" - CASC 2025 
 Invited Talks 
 Committees 
 Bibliography 
 Directions 
 ​​​​CASC 2025 · Nov. 24 - 28, Dubai, The United Arab Emirates 
 Conference Information 
 The tools of Scientific Computing play an important role in the natural sciences and engineering. Computer Algebra Systems and the underlying algorithms for Symbolic Computation play an increasingly important role within Scientific Computation. The CASC workshop series has been running for over two decades to explore the interaction of these topics, their implementation, and their application. 
 Scope 
 The topics addressed in the workshop cover 
 1. The theory of symbolic computation and its implementation in computer algebra systems. 
 This includes, but is not limited to: 
 new methods on exact computation; 
 symbolic algorithms and their complexity; 
 automated reasoning in algebra and geometry; 
 parallel symbolic / symbolic-numeric computation; 
 symbolic / symbolic-numeric methods for differential, differential-algebraic and difference equations; 
 symbolic / symbolic-numeric methods for polynomial equations and inequalities; 
 the embedding of computer algebra technology within different software and hardware environments; 
 2. All other areas of scientific computing in regards to their benefit from or use of computer algebra methods and software. 
 This includes, but is not limited to: 
 the use of computer algebra in approximate computation; 
 computer algebra methods in big data analytics; 
 computer algebra methods for simulation and modeling; 
 3. Applications of the above throughout the natural sciences and engineering. 
 We welcome papers on both fundamental research and implementation issues. We also accept survey papers but these MUST BE CLEARLY LABELLED as such in the title. 
 Conference Participation Options 
 We encourage wide participation at the workshop. In light of this, and that the conference scope spans computer science and mathematics (with their different publication traditions), we offer a variety of participation options. 
 1. Participation with an accompanying paper inhref="https://link.springer.com/conference/casc" - LNCS:

CASC has a long running relationship with the Springer book series Lecture Notes in Computer Science to publish conference proceedings. Work submitted here should contain an original research result. Submissions should be prepared in theLNCS styleand not exceed 20 pages. Survey papers may have up to 25 pages. Click on the below logo to see the list of CASC proceedings published by Springer. 
 href="https://link.springer.com/conference/casc" - 
2. Participation with abstract only: 
  
 Participants may opt to submit an extended abstract instead. These should have at least 2 and at most 4 pages in theLNCS style.They must contain the main results of the talk (without proofs). They will be lightly reviewed and distributed locally at the conference. We see three main audiences for this option: 
 Those who wish to talk on previously published work (in which case that work should be clearly cited in the abstract). 
 Those whose work is not yet ready for publication, but wish to receive feedback. 
 Those who plan to submit a journal paper on the work shortly. 
 For the second group, there will be a subsequent journal topical collection call after the conference (see below). 
 Accompanying Topical Collection of Mathematics in Computer ScienceCASC has formed a relationship with the Springer Birkhäuser journal Mathematics in Computer Science (MCS)for an ongoing series of topical collections on topics presented at CASC workshops. Work submitted here must be of journal quality and will be reviewed to the usual standards of MCS. Submission will be opened after the conference for authors of extended abstracts presented at that years conference. There is no a priori page limit, but the length must be justified by the contents of the paper. At notification authors may be asked to revise their paper for a secondary deadline. 
 Important Dates 
 Paper submission deadline: | May 18th, 2025 
 Notification to Authors: | July 13th, 2025 
 Submission of Final Version: | August 10th, 2025 
 Conference: | November 24 – 28, 2025 
 © 2024-25 Computer Algebra in Scientific Computing. 
 All rights reserved. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Contact Webmaster