Conference full name: Computer Algebra in Scientific Computing (CASC)

1. Website of CASC_2: https://www.casc-conference.org/call.html
Website information of CASC_2:

Computer Algebra in Scientific ComputingMenuHome 
 href="call.html" - CASC 2025 
 Invited Talks 
 Committees 
 Bibliography 
 Directions 
 ​​​​CASC 2025 · Nov. 24 - 28, Dubai, The United Arab Emirates 
 Conference Information 
 The tools of Scientific Computing play an important role in the natural sciences and engineering. Computer Algebra Systems and the underlying algorithms for Symbolic Computation play an increasingly important role within Scientific Computation. The CASC workshop series has been running for over two decades to explore the interaction of these topics, their implementation, and their application. 
 Scope 
 The topics addressed in the workshop cover 
 1. The theory of symbolic computation and its implementation in computer algebra systems. 
 This includes, but is not limited to: 
 new methods on exact computation; 
 symbolic algorithms and their complexity; 
 automated reasoning in algebra and geometry; 
 parallel symbolic / symbolic-numeric computation; 
 symbolic / symbolic-numeric methods for differential, differential-algebraic and difference equations; 
 symbolic / symbolic-numeric methods for polynomial equations and inequalities; 
 the embedding of computer algebra technology within different software and hardware environments; 
 2. All other areas of scientific computing in regards to their benefit from or use of computer algebra methods and software. 
 This includes, but is not limited to: 
 the use of computer algebra in approximate computation; 
 computer algebra methods in big data analytics; 
 computer algebra methods for simulation and modeling; 
 3. Applications of the above throughout the natural sciences and engineering. 
 We welcome papers on both fundamental research and implementation issues. We also accept survey papers but these MUST BE CLEARLY LABELLED as such in the title. 
 Conference Participation Options 
 We encourage wide participation at the workshop. In light of this, and that the conference scope spans computer science and mathematics (with their different publication traditions), we offer a variety of participation options. 
 1. Participation with an accompanying paper inhref="https://link.springer.com/conference/casc" - LNCS:

CASC has a long running relationship with the Springer book series Lecture Notes in Computer Science to publish conference proceedings. Work submitted here should contain an original research result. Submissions should be prepared in theLNCS styleand not exceed 20 pages. Survey papers may have up to 25 pages. Click on the below logo to see the list of CASC proceedings published by Springer. 
 href="https://link.springer.com/conference/casc" - 
2. Participation with abstract only: 
  
 Participants may opt to submit an extended abstract instead. These should have at least 2 and at most 4 pages in theLNCS style.They must contain the main results of the talk (without proofs). They will be lightly reviewed and distributed locally at the conference. We see three main audiences for this option: 
 Those who wish to talk on previously published work (in which case that work should be clearly cited in the abstract). 
 Those whose work is not yet ready for publication, but wish to receive feedback. 
 Those who plan to submit a journal paper on the work shortly. 
 For the second group, there will be a subsequent journal topical collection call after the conference (see below). 
 Accompanying Topical Collection of Mathematics in Computer ScienceCASC has formed a relationship with the Springer Birkhäuser journal Mathematics in Computer Science (MCS)for an ongoing series of topical collections on topics presented at CASC workshops. Work submitted here must be of journal quality and will be reviewed to the usual standards of MCS. Submission will be opened after the conference for authors of extended abstracts presented at that years conference. There is no a priori page limit, but the length must be justified by the contents of the paper. At notification authors may be asked to revise their paper for a secondary deadline. 
 Submission Link 
 All submissions should be done via EasyChair: 
 SUBMIT:href="https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=casc2025" - https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=casc2025
In the EasyChair title field please prefix the paper title in the EasyChair metadata with either LNCS or EA to indicate which of the participation options is being used. 
 Important Dates 
 Paper submission deadline: | May 18th, 2025 
 Notification to Authors: | July 13th, 2025 
 Submission of Final Version: | August 10th, 2025 
 Conference: | November 24 – 28, 2025 
 © 2024-25 Computer Algebra in Scientific Computing. 
 All rights reserved. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Contact Webmaster

2. Website of CASC_2: http://www.casc-conference.org/
Website information of CASC_2:

Computer Algebra in Scientific ComputingMenuHome 
 href="call.html" - CASC 2025 
 Invited Talks 
 Committees 
 Bibliography 
 Directions 
 CASC 2025 · Nov. 24 - 28, Dubai, The United Arab Emirates 
 Invited Talks at CASC 2025 
 We are proud to present the invited speakers of CASC conference.href="invitedTalks.html" - Please find here the invited talks at CASC 2025.
© 2024-25 Computer Algebra in Scientific Computing. 
 All rights reserved. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Contact Webmaster

3. Website of CASC_2: https://www.sigsam.org/
Website information of CASC_2:

Toggle navigationHome 
 Latest | News Archive 
 Upcoming Conferences 
 Mailing Lists 
 SIGSAM Twitter 
 ISSAC Website 
 Resources | Upcoming Conferences 
 Conference Series 
 Journals 
 Books 
 Software 
 Awards | Awards Overview 
 Jenks Memorial Prize 
 ISSAC Awards 
 ACM Fellows 
 CCA | ACM CCA 
 SIGSAM publishes the quartley journal | Communications in Computer Algebra | . 
 CCA Home Page 
 ACM DL Archive 
 Latest Issue 
 CCA Editorial Board 
 About | About SIGSAM 
 SIGSAM is the ACM | S | pecial | I | nterest | G | roup in | S | ymbolic and | A | lgebraic | M | anipulation, supporting research in computer algebra. 
 Bylaws 
 Committee 
 Reports 
 Contact 
 Join 
 Evolution of SIGSAM, ISSAC and ACM's relationships 
 You canfind here a document presenting the situation about evolution of SIGSAM, ISSAC and ACM’s relationships. 
  
 The goal is to trigger an informed discussion within the SIGSAM and ISSAC communities, which will then be asked to answer a consultation on the option to follow, during the business meeting at ISSAC 2024 conference and online. 
  
 The discussion takes placein this SIGSAM hosted forum. 
  
 Join the discussion!News 
 To submit news articles contact theInformation Director. 
 SIGSAM and ISSAC evolution 
 June 2024 
 SIGSAM and ISSAC steering committee are organizing a discussion on the evolution of their relationship with ACM. A presentation on the situation and the options can befound hereand a forum for disucssing these issues isopen to the community. 
  
 href="https://www.sigsam.org/News/#Updates2024b" - Full announcement.
SIGSAM Committee Updates 
 February 2024 
 After SIGSAM Chair Veronika Pillwein stepped down due to personal reasons, Clément Pernet replaced her as acting SIGSAM Chair. In addition, Dan Roche joined the committee as SIGSAM Vice Chair. 
  
 href="https://www.sigsam.org/News/#Updates2024" - Full announcement.
Agnes Szanto 1966-2022 
 4th April 2022 
 Our dear colleague Agnes Szanto passed away on March 21st 2022, at the age of 55, succumbing to lymphoma. 
  
 We join her family in mourning this devastating loss. 
  
 Full announcement.SIGSAM Elections 
 Friday 11th June 2021 
 A new SIGSAM Committee has beenelectedfor the term 1st July 2021 - 30th June 2023:Veronika Pillweinwill be Chair,Clement PernetVice Chair,Shaoshi ChenSecretary, andMatthew EnglandTreasurer. 
 CCA Issue 215 (Vol 55:1) available 
 Tuesday 25th May 2021 
 Issue 215 (Vol 55:1) of ACM Communications in Computer Algebra has been published and is available to SIGSAM membershere. 
 Jenks Prize Awarded 
 Friday 19th June 2021 
 The 2021Richard D. Jenks Memorial Prizefor Excellence in Software Engineering Applied to Computer Algebra has been awarded to Henri Cohen, Karim Belabas, and Bill Allombert for the Pari/GP computer algebra system. 
 Full stories and more news » 
 Upcoming Conferences 
 To have your conference promoted by SIGSAM contact theInformation Director. 
 ISSAC 2024 
 The International Symposium on Symbolic and Algebraic Computation 
 16-19 July 2024 
 Raleigh, NC, USA 
 ACA 2024 
 The International Conference on Applications of Computer Algebra 
 24-28 June 2024 
 Havana, Cuba 
 CASC 2024 
 href="http://www.casc-conference.org/" - The International Workshop on Computer Algebra in Scientific Computing
 
 2-6 September 2024 
 Rennes, France 
 SYNASC 2024 
 The International Symposium on Symbolic and Numeric Algorithms for Scientific Computing 
 16-19 September 2024 
 Timisoara, Romania 
 View the full list » 
 ACM DL Selections 
 SIGSAM members benefit from access to theACM Digital Library. 
 The Tropical Nullstellensatz and Positivstellensatz for Sparse Polynomial Systems 
 Marianne Akian, Antoine Béreau, and Stéphane Gaubert 
 ISSAC '23: Proceedings of the 2023 on International Symposium on Symbolic and Algebraic Computation, July 2023 
 Digital Library LinkFlip Graphs for Matrix Multiplication 
 Manuel Kauers and Jakob Moosbauer 
 ISSAC '23: Proceedings of the 2023 on International Symposium on Symbolic and Algebraic Computation, July 2023 
 Digital Library LinkAbout SIGSAM 
 The Association for computing machinery (ACM) is the world's largest educational and scientific computing society. SIGSAM is the ACMSpecialInterestGroup inSymbolic andAlgebraicManipulation. We are an international organization dedicated to supporting and promoting research in computer algebra, symbolic computation and its applications. 
 Volunteers Needed 
 We are looking for volunteers to contribute content to the website. If you are interested please contact theInformation Director. 
 Twitter 
 SIGSAM is now on Twitter as@acm_sigsam! 
 Back to top© 2021 SIGSAM

