Conference full name: Computer Sciences and Information Technologies (CSIT)

1. Website of CSIT_1: http://csit.ieee.org.ua/
Website information of CSIT_1:

Skip to contentIEEE.org 
 IEEE Ukraine Section 
 IEEEXploreDigital Library 
 IEEE Standards 
 IEEE Spectrum 
 More Sites 
 MENUhref="http://csit.ieee.org.ua" - IEEE CSIT 2024
Email addressWhat would you like to search for?SEARCHhref="http://csit.ieee.org.ua/" - Home 
 href="http://csit.ieee.org.ua/dear-authors-and-reviewers/" - CERTIFICATES 
 href="http://csit.ieee.org.ua/conference-program/" - Conference Program 
 href="http://csit.ieee.org.ua/future-conferences/" - FUTURE CONFERENCES 
 href="http://csit.ieee.org.ua/call-for-papers/" - Call for papers 
 href="#" - Info for Authors | href="http://csit.ieee.org.ua/accepted-papers/" - Accepted papers 
 Committees 
 href="http://csit.ieee.org.ua/submit/" - SUBMIT 
 href="http://csit.ieee.org.ua/conference-fee/" - Conference fee 
 href="http://csit.ieee.org.ua/csit-in-scopus/" - CSIT in SCOPUS, dblp, Web of Science 
 href="http://csit.ieee.org.ua/contacts/" - Contacts 
 IEEE 19th International Conference on Computer Science and Information Technologies (CSIT) 
 will be held in frames ofIEEE Lviv Polytechnic Week 
 16-19 October 2024, Lviv, UKRAINE 
 Pending IEEE Conference registration, application #65290 
 Conference Tracks 
 Track 1. Computational Intelligence 
 Artificial Intelligence 
 Big Data and Data Science 
 Workshop on Inductive Modeling 
 Track 2. Computer Science 
 Software Engineering 
 Cyber-Physical Systems 
 Applied Linguistics 
 Simulation and Mathematical Modeling in Computer Science 
 Workshop on Data and Knowledge Engineering 
 Track 3. Education 
 ICT in Education 
 Track 4. Technology and Engineering Management 
 Workshop on Project Management 
 Organized by 
 IEEE Ukraine Section 
 IEEE Ukraine Section (Kharkiv) SP/AP/C/EMC/COM Societies Joint Chapter 
 IEEE Ukraine Section IM/CIS Societies Joint Chapter 
 Lviv Polytechnic National University 
 href="http://csit.ieee.org.ua" - Home 
 Sitemap 
 Accessibility 
 Nondiscrimination Policy 
 Terms and Conditions 
 IEEE Privacy Policy 
 © Copyright 2025 IEEE – All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions. 
 A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity. 
 Back to Top

2. Website of CSIT_1: https://csitconf.org/
Website information of CSIT_1:

href="index.html" - CSIT® 2025
About 
 Speakers 
 href="#call-for-papers" - Call for Papers 
 Submit Paper 
 Contact Us 
 Welcome to CSIT® 2025 
 Welcome to CSIT® 2025 
 1stInternational Conference 
 on Computer Science and Information Technology CSIT® 2025 
 Exploring Innovations in Computing, Technology and the impact of AI 
 Submit PaperJOIN US 
 Join us from📅 June 19-20, 2025, in📍 Durrës, Albania, 
 for insightful talks, workshops, and networking with industry leaders and academics 
 in the field of Computer Science and Information Technology. 
 Keynote Speakers 
 Prof. Dr. Bekir Karlik 
 Expert in Artificial Intelligence and Pattern Recognition 
 Prof. Dr. Abdulhamit Subasi 
 Expert in Artificial Intelligence and Biomedical Signal Processing 
 About the Conference 
 🎯 Conference Aim1stInternational Conference on Computer Science and Information Technology - CSIT® 2025 
 Organized by 
  
 Join us from📅June 19-20, 2025, in📍Durrës, Albania, for insightful talks, workshops, and networking with industry leaders and academics in the field of Computer Science and Information Technology.The conference will be conducted in a HYBRID format, accommodating both in-person and virtual participation. 
 The International Conference on Computer Science and Information Technology aims to bring together researchers, academics, industry professionals, and students to share their latest research findings, innovations, and ideas in the fields of Computer Science and Information Technology. 
 The conference provides a dynamic environment for fostering collaboration, exchanging knowledge, and discussing emerging trends, challenges, and advancements in areas such as: Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, Data Science and Big Data Analytics Cybersecurity and Privacy, Software Engineering and Development, Internet of Things (IoT), Cloud Computing and Distributed Systems, Human-Computer Interaction, Emerging Technologies and Applications etc. 
 By encouraging interdisciplinary dialogue and promoting scientific excellence, the conference seeks to advance technological solutions that address global challenges and contribute to the growth of research and innovation in Computer Science and Information Technology. 
  
 The conference's official language is English.📋 Conference topicsArtificial Intelligence and Machine Learning 
 Data Science and Big Data Analytics 
 Cybersecurity and Privacy 
 Software Engineering and Development 
 Internet of Things (IoT) 
 Cloud Computing and Distributed Systems 
 Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) 
 Emerging Technologies and Applications 
 Educational Technology and AI in Learning 
 Robotics and Autonomous Systems 
 Social Media Analytics and Digital Communication 
 Blockchain and Decentralized Systems 
 Green Computing and Sustainable IT 
 Augmented Reality (AR) and Virtual Reality (VR) 
 Digital Transformation and Industry 4.0 
 Ethics, Legal Issues, and Policy in Technology 
 Networking, Telecommunications, and 5G Technologies 
 Mathematical Modeling and Applications 
 Mathematics for Data Analysis and Information Processing 
 Mathematics in Artificial Intelligence 
  
 Conference program is not restricted to these themes. 
 We kindly invite proposals on other suitable topics in related conference themes. 
 📜 Scientific CommitteesAdrian Besimi,- Full Professor at Faculty of Contemporary Sciences and Technologies, SEEU, Tetovo, North Macedonia 
 Amarildo Rista,- Vice-Dean of the Faculty of Information Technology, Aleksandër Moisiu University of Durrës, Albania 
 Anita Agárdi,- Lecturer at Faculty of Mechanical Engineering and Informatics, University of Miskolc, Hungary 
 Artan Luma,- Full Professor at Faculty of Contemporary Sciences and Technologies, SEEU, Tetovo, North Macedonia 
 Attila Baksa,Lecturer at Faculty of Mechanical Engineering and Informatics, University of Miskolc, Hungary 
 Azir Aliu,- Full Professor at Faculty of Contemporary Sciences and Technologies, SEEU, Tetovo, North Macedonia 
 Besnik Selimi,- Full Professor at Faculty of Contemporary Sciences and Technologies, SEEU, Tetovo, North Macedonia 
 Blerina Zanaj,- Associate Professor at Faculty of Economics and Agribusiness, Agriculture University of Tirana, Tirana, Albania 
 Bogdan Tudorica,- Full Professor at Faculty of Economic Sciences, Petroleum-Gas University of Ploiești, Romania 
 Carlo Ciulla,- Associate Professor at Faculty of Economics, Technology and Innovation, Western Balkans University, Tirana, Albania 
 Cemil Turan,- Associate Professor at Faculty of Engineering and Natural Science, Suleyman Demirel University, Almaty, Kazakistan 
 Debabrata Samanta,- Associate Professor at Rochester Institute of Technology, Pristina, Kosovo 
 Dragan Pamucar,- Full Professor at Faculty of Organizational Sciences, University of Belgrade, Serbia 
 Edlira Kalemi,- Associate Professor at Faculty of Computing, Engineering and the Built Environment, Birmingham City University, England 
 Eglantina Kalluçi,- Full Professor at Faculty of Natural Sciences, University of Tirana, Tirana Albania 
 Elda Cina,- Associate Professor at College of Engineering and Technology American University of the Middle East, Kuwait 
 Elma Zanaj,- Full Professor at Faculty of Information Technology, Polytechnic University of Tirana, Tirana, Albania 
 Elinda Kajo Meçe,Full Professor at Faculty of Information Technology, Polytechnic University of Tirana, Tirana, Albania 
 Elira Hoxha,Associate Professor at Department of Statistics and Applied Informatics, Faculty of Economics, University of Tirana, Tirana, Albania 
 Eda Tabaku,Lecturer at Faculty of Information Technology, Aleksandër Moisiu University of Durrës, Albania 
 Emre Eroglu,- Associate Professor at Faculty of Architecture and Engineering, Epoka University, Tirana, Albania 
 Erkan İmal,- Full professor at CT State Community College Gateway, New Haven, CT, USA 
 Ermira Idrizi,- Lecturer at Faculty of Contemporary Sciences and Technologies, SEEU, Tetovo, North Macedonia 
 Ersin Elbasi,- Full Professor at College of Engineering and Technology American University of the Middle East, Kuwait 
 Erika Baksáné Varga,Lecturer at Faculty of Mechanical Engineering and Informatics, University of Miskolc, Hungary 
 Evgjeni Xhafaj,- Associate Professor at Faculty of Mathematical Engineering and Physical Engineering, Polytechnic University of Tirana, Albania 
 Elva Leka,Lecturer at Polytechnic University of Tirana, Tirana, Albania 
 Fatos Xhafa,- Full Professor at Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, Spain 
 Florie Ismaili,- Full Professor at Faculty of Contemporary Sciences and Technologies, SEEU, Tetovo, North Macedonia 
 Gabriel Xiao-Guang YUE,- Full Professor at European University Cyprus,Nicosia, Cyprus 
 Galia Marinova,- Full professor at Faculty of Electronics Engineering and Technology, Technical University of Sofia, Bulgaria 
 Gjergji Mulla,Associate Professor at Department of Statistics and Applied Informatics, Faculty of Economics, University of Tirana, Tirana, Albania 
 Ilir Keka,- Associate Professor at Faculty of Computer Science, AAB College, Pristina, Kosovo 
 Jaumin Ajdari,- Full Professor at Faculty of Contemporary Sciences and Technologies, SEEU, Tetovo, North Macedonia 
 Jose Francisco Sigut Saavedra,- Associate Professor at University of La Laguna, Spain 
 José Angel Fernández Prieto,- Full Professor at Department of Telecommunications Engineering, University of Jaén, Spain 
 Jusuf Qarkaxhija,- Associate Professor at Faculty of Computer Science, AAB College, Pristina, Kosovo 
 Karima Boudaoud,- Associate Professor at Université de Nice-Sophia Antipolis (UNS), France 
 Laszlo Kovacs,- Full Professor at Faculty of Mechanical Engineering and Informatics, University of Miskolc, Hungary 
 Kreshnik Vukatana,Associate Professor at Department of Statistics and Applied Informatics, Faculty of Economics, University of Tirana, Tirana, Albania 
 Laurik Helshani,- Associate Professor at Faculty of Computer Science, AAB College, Pristina, Kosovo 
 Leonard Barolli,- Full Professor at Fukuoka Institute of Technology, Japan 
 Lindita Mukli,- Full Professor at Faculty of Information Technology, Aleksander Moisiu University of Durres, Durres, Albania 
 Lorenc Ekonomi,- Full Professor at Faculty of Natural Sciences and Humanities and Rector at Fan S. Noli University of Korçë, Korçë, Albania 
 Lorena Margo,Associate Professor at Faculty of Natural Sciences and Humanities and Vice-Rector at Fan S. Noli University of Korçë, Korçë, Albania 
 Luis Lamani,- Associate Professor at Polytechnic University of Tirana,Tirana, Albania 
 Majlinda Fetaji,- Full Professor at Faculty of Contemporary Sciences and Technologies, SEEU, Tetovo, North Macedonia 
 Markela Muça,- Associate Professor at Faculty of Natural Sciences, University of Tirana, Tirana Albania 
 Marko Bajec,- Full Professor at University of Ljubljana, Slovenia 
 Mehmet Emir Koksal,- Full Professor at Faculty of Science, Ondokuz Mayis University, Samsun, Turkey 
 Mentor Hamiti,- Full Professor at Faculty of Contemporary Sciences and Technologies, SEEU, Tetovo, North Macedonia 
 Mirela Panait,- Full Professor at Faculty of Economic Sciences, Petroleum-Gas University of Ploiesti, Romania 
 Mohammad Salman,- Associate Professor at American University of the Middle East, Kuwait 
 Monica Landoni,- Full Proffesor at Professor at the Faculty of Informatics, University of Italian Switzerland, Lugano, Switzerland 
 Nuhi Besimi,- Full Professor at Faculty of Contemporary Sciences and Technologies, SEEU, Tetovo, North Macedonia 
 Olivér Hornyák,- Lecturer at Faculty of Mechanical Engineering and Informatics, University of Miskolc, Hungary 
 Onur Günlü,- Associate Professor at Electrical Engineering Department,Linköping University, Sweden 
 Özcan Asilkan,- Full Professor at Higher Colleges of Technology, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates 
 Pardeep Kumar,- Associate Professor at Department of Computer Science, University of Warwick, UK 
 Rafail Prodani,Associate Professor at the Faculty of Natural Sciences and Humanities, Fan S. Noli University of Korça, Korça, Albania 
 Rinela Kapciu,- Associate Professor at Faculty of Information Technology, Aleksandër Moisiu University of Durrës, Albania 
 Robert Kosova,- Associate Professor at Faculty of Information Technology, Aleksandër Moisiu University of Durrës, Albania 
 Senada Bushati,Lecturer at Faculty of Information Technology, Aleksandër Moisiu University of Durrës, Albania 
 Szilveszter Kovács,- Full Professor at Faculty of Mechanical Engineering and Informatics, University of Miskolc, Hungary 
 Tihomir Latinovic,- Full Professor at Faculty of Informational Technology, Vitez University, Bosnia and Herzegovina 
 Valentina Ndou,- Associate Professor at the Faculty of Engineering University of Salento, Italy 
 Valmira Osmanaj,- Associate Professor at College of Business Administration, American University of the Middle East, Kuwait 
 Visar Shehu,- Full Professor at Faculty of Contemporary Sciences and Technologies, SEEU, Tetovo, North Macedonia 
 Xhemal Zenuni,- Full Professor at Faculty of Contemporary Sciences and Technologies, SEEU, Tetovo, North Macedonia 
  
 📜 PC ChairsProf.Dr. Ali Kara,- Full Professor at Faculty of Engineering, Gazi University, Turkey 
 Prof.Dr. Bekir Karlik,- Full Professor at Faculty of Architecture and Engineering, Epoka University, Tirane, Albania 
 Prof.Dr. Abdulhamit Subasi,- Full Professor at University at Albany, SUNY, Albany, USA 
 Prof.Dr. Arbana Kadriu,- Full Professor at Faculty of Contemporary Sciences and Technologies, SEEU Tetovo, North Macedonia 
 Prof.Dr. Lejla Abazi-Bexheti,- Full Professor at Faculty of Contemporary Sciences and Technologies, SEEU Tetovo, North Macedonia 
 Prof.Asoc.Dr. Admir Barolli,- Associate Professor at Faculty of Information Technology,Aleksander Moisiu University of Durres,Durres, Albania 
 💵 Conference FeeConference Fee: 50€, Local Publication 
 Note:If the Conference Proceedings are accepted for publication by Springer, a 200€ publication fee will apply. 
  
 Bank Account Details 
 Account owner:TE ARDHURAT E THESARIT DURRES 
 Bank Name:Credins Bank, Durrës, Albania 
 IBAN:AL97 2121 2110 0000 0000 0050 3907 
 SWIFT CODE:CDISALTRXXX 
  
 During the payment should be mentioned the note:CSIT 2025, Name and Surname of participant. 
 Participants should cover their own travel costs to and from Durrës, and should directly book accommodation in Durrës. 
 We will further suggest you suitable accommodation options. 
 📝 Author GuidelinesThe full paper template is available for download on the official conference website. 
  
 Each accepted paper or abstract requires a unique registered author for presentation and publication. A participant may author up to three papers; however, each accepted paper must have at least one unique registered author. If multiple single-author submissions are accepted, a separate registration fee applies to each for inclusion in the conference program. 
 Paper submissions must be prepared in both Word (.docx) and PDF formats and submitted via the Submission System. 
 Submitted papers will be subject to a double-blind review process, and accepted papers after registration and presentationwill be applied for publication in Springer database.The conference will be conducted in a HYBRID format, accommodating both in-person and virtual participation. 
  
 All submitted articles should report original research results, experimental or theoretical, not previously published or under consideration for publication elsewhere. Articles submitted to the conference should meet these criteria. 
 All papers will undergo a plagiarism check before peer review. 
 We firmly believe that ethical conduct is the most essential virtue of any academics. 
 Hence, any act of plagiarism or other misconduct is totally unacceptable and cannot be tolerated.📅 Important DatesMarch 15th, 2025 | - Abstract Submission Deadline | (Extended to March 31st) 
 March 22nd, 2025 | - Abstract Notification | (Extended to March 31st) 
 May 01st, 2025 | - Full paper submission deadline 
 May 20th, 2025 | - Full paper Notification 
 📒 Conference AgendaTBA 
 🚌 Travel Info 
 Travel Info by Bus 
 Durrës 
 https://durresbybus.com/ 
  
 Durrës - Tirana 
 https://albaniatourguide.com/durres-to-tirana-bus-train-taxi-rental/ 
 https://travel.gjirafa.com/en/bus/tirana-to-durres 
  
 Durrës - Berat 
 https://travel.gjirafa.com/en/bus/durres-to-beratCall for Papers 
 Submit your research papers abstract byMarch 15th, (Extended to March 31st) 2025. 
 Click below for guidelines and submission. 
 href="isccs2025_template.docx" - Download Template
Partner Institutions 
  
 Sponsors 
 Klan TV 
 Digitly 
 Mulliri 
 Henotics 
 About Durrës 
 Durrës is the second largest city of Albania. 
 It is on the central Albanian coast, about 33 KM west of the capital Tirana and 90 KM away from the historical city of Berat. The closest airport to Durrës is Rinas Airport (TIA). Distance from Rinas Airport to Durrës is 24 KM. It is one of the most ancient and economically important cities of Albania. Durrës is at one of the narrower points of the Adriatic Sea. It is opposite the Italian ports of Bari 300 KM away and Brindisi 200 KM away. Durrës is home to Albania's main port, the Port of Durrës. The Aleksandër Moisiu University is here. The town has about 115,550 people. Durrës was the national capital from 7 March 1914 until 11 February 1920. 

Climate 
 Durrës has a typical Mediterranean climate with hot, dry summers and cool winters. 
 The average of water temperature in Durrës is from 14 °C (57 °F) in February to 26 °C (79 °F) in August. 
 The summer in Durrës starts from May to middle of October. 
  
 History 
 Durrës was founded as a Greek colony, in 627 BC. It was calledEpidamnosby the Greeks, andEpidamnusby the Romans. Around 436 BC there was a civil war, which caused the Peloponnesian War. Around 200 BC, Plautus wrote a comeny, Menaechmi, which takes plce in Epidamos. After the Illyro-Roman Wars Epidamnos became a Roman protectorate. It changed its name to Dyrrhachium (Dyrrháchion Δυρράχιον in Greek). They also built the Via Egnatia, which linked Dyrrachium to Byzantium. It was the contiuation of the Via Appia, which ended in Brindisi, 150km away across the Adriatic Sea. 
 Contact Us 
 Get in Touch 
 Email:csit@uamd.edu.al 
 Phone:+355 68 432 1463 
 Venue 
 Location:University "Aleksandër Moisiu" Durrës, Durrës, Albania 
 Date:June 19-20, 2025 
  
 © CSIT® 2025 - 1stInternational Conference on Computer Science and Information Technology. 
 Join us from 📅June 19-20, 2025, in 📍Durrës, Albania 
 All Rights Reserved. 
 About 
 Speakers 
 href="#call-for-papers" - Call for Papers 
 Submit Paper 
 Contact Us 
  
 Go to Top

