Conference full name: Euro Virtual Reality (Euro VR)

1. Website of Euro VR_2: https://www.euroxr-association.org/
Website information of Euro VR_2:

Home 
 EuroXR 2024 
 About us | Our members 
 Organisation structure 
 Become a member 
 EuroXR Conference | Previous Editions 
 International Advisory Committee 
 Conference Awards 
 XR Open Forum 
 News 
 href="https://www.euroxr.org/research" - Our Services 
 Search 
 MenuMenu 
 About us 
 EuroXR IS THE EUROPEAN ASSOCIATION FOR EXTENDED REALITY 
 Read more 
 News 
 LEARN ABOUT OUR LATEST NEWS 
 Discover more 
 Become a member 
 BECOME A MEMBER OF THE EUROPEAN LARGEST NETWORK OF XR PROFESSIONALS 
 Read more 
 Events 
 PARTICIPATE IN THE LARGEST XR EVENTS 
 Read more 
 We create ahigh quality networkto connect thousands of professionals 
 EuroXR 21stInternational Conference 2024 
 href="https://www.euroxr.org/calls-and-guidelines/scientific-track" - 
Call for ContributionsScientific Track 
 What our Members say about us 
 “I joined EuroXR Association in 2019, with the purpose to connect with colleagues in this area and learn about many potential collaboration opportunities.” 
 Danielle Levachttps://www.euroxr-association.org/news/meeting-the-network-dr-danielle-levac/Read more 
 Being a EuroXR member gives me the opportunity to be part of a community directly related to our business and products 
 Tarcan KiperCEO of Dors Venabili Cyberspace Technologies Inc. 
 “At EuroXR 2019 conference I experienced a friendly and motivated group of colleagues who share my research interests in AR and VR. I feel that the Association can be an excellent opportunity to stimulate discussions and collaborations with foreign researchers.” 
 Michele Gattullohttps://wp.me/p8hdiN-1lYRead more 
 “My motivation for joining EuroXR was the opportunity to initiate collaboration in areas such as virtual reality, geometric computing, medical simulation, digital health, VR for robotics, and visual computing. I was interested in contributing to common EU proposals and helping to shape the EuroXR conference”. 
 Gabriel Zachmannhttps://www.eurovr-association.org/news/meeting-the-network-prof-dr-gabriel-zachmann-the-university-of-bremen/Read more 
 “My motivation for joining EuroXR was to be part of a network of people who are interested in topics such as Virtual and Augmented Reality. I am also interested in participating in common H2020 proposals and be a part of the annual EuroXR conference.” 
 Kaj Helinhttps://www.eurovr-association.org/news/meeting-the-network-vtt-technical-research-centre-of-finland-ltd-kaj-helin/href="https://www.eurovr-association.org/news/meeting-the-network-vtt-technical-research-centre-of-finland-ltd-kaj-helin/" - Read more
“We are constantly working in state-of-the-art research in Virtual, Augmented and Mixed Reality, with an eye in novel concepts.” 
 Angelos AmditisEuroXR Honorary Vice-Presidenthttps://www.eurovr-association.org/news/meeting-the-network-iccs/–Read more 
 PreviousNext 
 LatestNews 
 Optinvent is hiring an Optical Design Engineer for Augmented Reality Display 
 July 17, 2023 
 https://www.euroxr-association.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/we-are-hiring-2-1.png10801080Mónicahttps://www.euroxr-association.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/EuroXR-Logo.svgMónica2023-07-17 18:51:572023-07-17 18:55:51Optinvent is hiring an Optical Design Engineer for Augmented Reality Display 
 href="https://www.euroxr-association.org/news/call-for-abstract-application-and-poster-demo-tracks-ferran-argelaguet/" - 
href="https://www.euroxr-association.org/news/call-for-abstract-application-and-poster-demo-tracks-ferran-argelaguet/" - Call for Abstract  APPLICATION AND POSTER & DEMO TRACKS
https://www.euroxr-association.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/Application-Track-CfP.-3.png7201280Mónicahttps://www.euroxr-association.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/EuroXR-Logo.svgMónica2023-07-07 18:06:252023-07-07 18:36:30Call for Abstract APPLICATION AND POSTER & DEMO TRACKS 
 EuroXR 2023 Keynote Speaker Dr. Ferran Argelaguet 
 https://www.euroxr-association.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/Dr.-Ferra-1.png12001200Mónicahttps://www.euroxr-association.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/EuroXR-Logo.svgMónica2023-05-29 13:35:072023-05-29 13:35:07EuroXR 2023 Keynote Speaker Dr. Ferran Argelaguet 
 EuroXR 2023 Keynote Speaker Dr.Tabitha Peck (Davidson College, USA) 
 https://www.euroxr-association.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/Keynote-speaker-1.png7201280Mónicahttps://www.euroxr-association.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/EuroXR-Logo.svgMónica2023-05-09 12:43:082023-07-07 18:47:41EuroXR 2023 Keynote Speaker Dr.Tabitha Peck (Davidson College, USA) 
 New EuroXR Corporate Member – Chemnitz University of Technology 
 https://www.euroxr-association.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/New-Member.png12001200Mónicahttps://www.euroxr-association.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/EuroXR-Logo.svgMónica2023-03-24 11:32:112023-03-24 11:33:34New EuroXR Corporate Member – Chemnitz University of Technology 
 VR4Long Covid Webinar: The breathtaking results! 
 https://www.euroxr-association.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/LongC-Webiar.png10801080Mónicahttps://www.euroxr-association.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/EuroXR-Logo.svgMónica2023-03-09 13:04:492023-03-24 11:53:17VR4Long Covid Webinar: The breathtaking results! 
 New EuroXR Corporate Member – TNO Innovation for Life 
 https://www.euroxr-association.org/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/TNO-INNOVATION-FOR-LIFE.png500500Mónicahttps://www.euroxr-association.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/EuroXR-Logo.svgMónica2023-02-27 12:20:092023-02-27 12:22:41New EuroXR Corporate Member – TNO Innovation for Life 
 PreviousNext 
 Developed with thebest partnersyou can think of 
 Sign up for our newsletter! 
 E-Mail* 
 PreviousNext 
 Slide 1 
 Slide 2 
 EuroXR 
 registered office at 
 Rue du Trone 98, 1050 Brussels. 
 CONTACTS 
 info@euroxr-association.org 
 Privacy Policy 
 Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy 
 © Copyright - 2021 EuroXRTwitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Facebook 
 Mail 
 Scroll to topThe EuroXR website is using cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By accepting our cookie policy, you agree to allow us to collect information on the EuroVR website. For further information read our Privacy Policy Page.I AcceptNoPrivacy policy

2. Website of Euro VR_2: https://www.awexr.com/
Website information of Euro VR_2:

href="https://events.awexr.com/usa-2025" - Early Bird Ends April 30! Prices Increase by up to $400 Starting May 1

Register Now
June 10-12, 2025AWE USA 2025href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/" - June 10-12, 2025AWE USA 2025 
 href="https://www.unitedxr.eu/" - 8-10 DEC 2025UNITED XR EU 2025 
 February 2 - 4, 2026 
 AWE Asia 2026 
 All year, Globally 
 AWE Nites 
 Conference | href="https://awexr.com/usa-2025/agenda" - Agenda 
 href="https://awexr.com/usa-2025/speakers" - Speakers 
 href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/agenda-tracks" - Agenda Tracks 
 Builders Nexus 
 Gaming Hub 
 href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/startup_pitch" - Start-up Pitch Competition 
 ENTERPRISE VIP Program 
 href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/hotels" - HOTELS & VENUE 
 Become a Volunteer 
 PRESS RESOURCES AND PASSES 
 href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/awe-at-a-glance" - Schedule at a glance 
 Expo | href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/sponsors" - SPONSORS 
 href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/exhibitors" - Exhibitors 
 href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/expo_floor_plan" - EXPO FLOOR PLAN 
 Apply for Playground 
 Sponsor or Exhibit 
 Awards | href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/auggie" - Auggie Awards 
 Hall of Fame 
 XR Resources | Blog 
 Meetups and Events 
 XR Events 
 AR for Enterprise 
 AWE+ 
 Talks 
 Jobs in XR 
 About | Sustainability 
 About AWE 
 Advisory Council 
 awe in the News 
 Contact Us 
 Get Involvedhref="https://events.awexr.com/usa-2025" - Buy Tickets
href="https://events.awexr.com/usa-2025" - Get Tickets
June 10-12, 2025AWE USA 2025href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/" - June 10-12, 2025AWE USA 2025 
 href="https://www.unitedxr.eu/" - 8-10 DEC 2025UNITED XR EU 2025 
 February 2 - 4, 2026 
 AWE Asia 2026 
 All year, Globally 
 AWE Nites 
 href="" - Conference | href="https://awexr.com/usa-2025/agenda" - Agenda 
 href="https://awexr.com/usa-2025/speakers" - Speakers 
 href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/agenda-tracks" - Agenda Tracks 
 Builders Nexus 
 Gaming Hub 
 href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/startup_pitch" - Start-up Pitch Competition 
 ENTERPRISE VIP Program 
 href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/hotels" - HOTELS & VENUE 
 Become a Volunteer 
 PRESS RESOURCES AND PASSES 
 href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/awe-at-a-glance" - Schedule at a glance 
 Expo | href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/sponsors" - SPONSORS 
 href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/exhibitors" - Exhibitors 
 href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/expo_floor_plan" - EXPO FLOOR PLAN 
 Apply for Playground 
 Sponsor or Exhibit 
 Awards | href="https://www.awexr.com/usa-2025/auggie" - Auggie Awards 
 Hall of Fame 
 XR Resources | Blog 
 Meetups and Events 
 XR Events 
 AR for Enterprise 
 AWE+ 
 Talks 
 Jobs in XR 
 About | Sustainability 
 About AWE 
 Advisory Council 
 awe in the News 
 Contact Us 
 Get Involvedhref="https://events.awexr.com/usa-2025" - Buy Tickets
JOIN THE WORLD'S 
 #1 XR + AI COMMUNITY 
 You'll Feel Spatial, We Promise! 
 AWE Events 
 href="/usa-2025" - AWE USA 2025

10 JUN -
12 JUN, 2025

Long Beach, California
href="/eu-2025" - United XR Europe

08 DEC -
10 DEC, 2025

Brussels, Belgium
AWE ASIA 2026 
 02 FEB - 04 FEB, 2026 
 Singapore Expo, Singapore 
 Get Involved 
 See MoreGet Involvedhref="https://awexr.com/call-for-activations" - Community Meetups & XR Activations
Speak at AWE Events 
 Get Sponsor & Exhibitor Details 
 Let Your Product Shine in the Playground 
 Awards 
 Explore AwardsAwardsStart-up Pitch Competition 
 See 2024 Auggie Award Winners 
 View the AWE XR Hall of Fame 
 Auggie Awards 
 Blog 
 Explore BlogBloghref="/blog/1185-2025-the-year-of-the-master-xr-builder" - 2025: the Year of the Master XR Builder
AWE Talks: Getting Started with Vision Pro Development 
 AWE Talks: 10 Tips for Pitching Investors 
 AWE Talks: Who is VR For, Anyway? 
 Videos 
 Explore YouTubeVideosAWE EU 2024 | Opening Keynote 
 AWE EU 2024 - Expo & Playground Walkthrough 
 AWE EU 2024 | Spectacles: What You Can Do with AR Glasses... 
 AWE EU 2024 | A Closer, More Accessible Future New... 
 Signup for XR News in Your Inbox Every Friday 
 Subscribe to AWE 
 Get notified about upcoming AWE eventsAbout 
 Sustainability 
 Code of Conduct 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Cancellation and Refund 
 Health and Safety 
 Scam Alert 
 Privacy Policy 
 Past Events 
 AWE EU 2024 
 AWE USA 2024 
 AWE EU 2023 
 AWE USA 2023 
 AWE EU 2022 
 AWE USA 2022 
 AWE USA 2021 
 AWE USA 2020 
 AWE EU 2019 
 AWE USA 2019 
 Social 
 Cookie settings 
 We use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience. They also allow us to analyze user behavior in order to constantly improve the website for you. 
 Accept AllReject All

3. Website of Euro VR_2: https://healtheurope24.ivrha.org/
Website information of Euro VR_2:

Program | Speakers 
 Schedule 
 Exhibitors 
 Register 
 Hotels 
 Events | VR Healthcare Fall ’24 Demo Tour 
 Virtual Reality Day – Nov. 23, 2024 
 href="https://hackathon.ivrha.org" - VR Healthcare Hackathon – Feb. 7-9, 2025 
 href="https://health25.ivrha.org" - VR Healthcare Global – Feb. 27 – Mar. 2, 2025 
 About | About 
 COVID-19 Statement 
 Contact 
 in 
  
 partnership with 
  
 6th Annual 
 Virtual Reality and Healthcare 
 Europe Symposium 
  
 November 14-15, 2024 
  
 Rue Alcide-Jentzer 17 
 Geneva, Switzerland 
 1205 
  
 00Days 
 00Hours 
 00Minutes 
 00Seconds 
 Registration 
  
 How is this conference different from the others? 
  
 => A strong focus on providing unique content 
 and perspectives from across the healthcare spectrum. 
  
 => A strong focus on providing new emerging voices 
 from across the ecosystem: care, technology, research, policy. 
  
 SPONSORS & EXHIBITORS 
 SPEAKERS 
 Dr. Oliver KannapeGeneva University Hospitals (HUG) 
 Dr. Oliver KannapeGeneva University Hospitals (HUG)Dr Oliver Kannape is the founding Director of the Virtual Medicine Center (VMC) at the Geneva University Hospitals (HUG). As first center of its kind, the VMC is integrating XR technology across HUG with a focus on patient care, clinical research, and medical education. Oliver’s tenure as Scientific Coordinator at MindMaze has further seen him pioneer XR applications for chronic pain, refractory breathlessness, and substance use disorder. These roles allow Oliver to bridge academia, industry, and healthcare to drive medical XR innovation. 
 Translational Research: 
 As a cognitive scientist, Oliver has a broad training and research background combining Virtual and Augmented Reality, motion capture, and neural interface technology with experimental approaches from psychobiology and cognitive neuroscience. His research has progressed from a focus on the neuroscience of multisensory perception, sensorimotor control, and corporeal awareness, during his PhD at EPFL, to applying their principles in the clinical domains of neuroprosthetics (at MIT), digital therapeutics (MindMaze), and medical XR (VMC). Oliver’s experiences from an early career award from the Swiss National Science Foundation to over a decade of translational research using XR technologies, uniquely positioned him to become the founding Director of the Virtual Medicine Centre at the Geneva University Hospitals. 
 Editorial Affiliations: 
 Oliver is a founding member of the American Medical Extended Reality Association (AMXRA) and member of its journal’s inaugural editorial advisory board (Journal for Medical Extended Reality, JMXR). He is also associate editor for Assistive Technology, the journal of the Rehabilitation Engineering and Assistive Technology Society of North America (RESNA). 
 Kimberly WorkumUniversity of Manitoba 
 Kimberly WorkumUniversity of ManitobaKimberly Workum 
 Senior Instructor 
 College of Nursing 
 Rady Faculty of Health Sciences at the University of Manitoba 
 Kimberly Workum is a nursing educator and leader in the field of simulation and VR/AR/XR technology. As the Director of Digital Strategies and Senior Instructor at the College of Nursing, Rady Faculty of Health Sciences at the University of Manitoba, she has played a pivotal role in shaping the future of nursing education. 
 Kimberly's credentials include a Bachelor of Science in Nursing from Charles Sturt University, an Adult Education Diploma from Red River Community College, and a Master of Education from Charles Sturt University. She is also certified as a Canadian Certified Nurse Educator and is a Certified Healthcare Simulation Educator. 
 Kimberly has held various positions at the University of Manitoba, including Director of Skills, Director of Simulation Centre, and is currently the Director of Digital Strategies and CCA Centre. She and her team launched a successful Virtual Reality (VR) program in the College of Nursing's high-volume undergraduate program, where students have spent over 1000 hours in VR this year. She has also incorporated VR/AR/XR technology into other programs within the College of Nursing and Rady Faculty of Health Sciences. Recently launching a high stakes nursing competency assessment conducted in VR. 
 This Centre is based in Manilla Philippines for foreign-trained nurses moving to Manitoba to access. Kimberly is an active member of several nursing, simulation, and XR organizations. Her dedication to nursing education has earned her numerous awards, including the Association of Regulated Nurses Award of Excellence in Nursing Administration, the Outstanding Nursing Unit, Program, or Interprofessional Team Award for Simulation, and the Rady Faculty of Health Sciences CPD Educator of the Year. 
 With her expertise in simulation and VR/AR/XR technology, Kimberly is paving the way for innovative and immersive learning in healthcare education and training. 
 Dr. Ahmed HusseinKuopio University Hospital 
 Dr. Ahmed HusseinKuopio University HospitalAhmed Hussein MD PhD, is a Neurosurgery Consultant with 20 years of experience in the field, The Clinical Instructor of the Microsurgery Center of Eastern Finland and a Research Director for surgical Innovation in the University of Eastern Finland. He gained global experience in the neurosurgical practice by training in 4 different continents (USA, Europe, Asia and Africa). The diversity in his educational background motivated 
 him to dedicate part of his time to contribute in the establishment and managing the Microsurgical Center of Eastern Finland, a surgical training center with passion in developing medicine and support medical industry. 
 Ahmed’s main goal was to involve the state-of-art updated medical technology to provide best solutions in health care education and services. He worked as surgical advisor for many innovative projects and startups over the past decade as well as participating and collaborating in funding application for different medical Innovation projects. As a personal interest, Dr.Hussein is managing international projects for medical technology development and educational exchange. He believes that improving health care services is based on improving the educational tools for health care personnel. Hussein has completed his medical degree at Assiut University/Egypt Neurosurgical Residency fellowships in Hospital Kuala Lumpur/Malysia, Allegheny General Hospital/Pittsburgh/PA/USA, Kuopio University Hospital/Kuopio/Finland. 
 Lately, his research focus was about image processing in surgical application and objective 
 evaluation of surgical skills. Through managing the Microsurgical center of Eastern Finland, Ahmed has been able to offer the facilities and collaboration and sustain the growth of numerous regional startups with patented medical technologies like Seetrue Technologies, VR4Health, Marginum, Surgify and Surgerix. 
 Marie-Odile McKeeneyH’ability 
 Marie-Odile McKeeneyH’abilityMarie-Odile McKEENEY is the CEO and co-founder of H'ability, an innovative startup focused on virtual reality solutions for rehabilitation. With a background in computer engineering, she combines her technical expertise with a passion for immersive technologies to enhance patient care. H'ability offers a gamified, portable VR platform used by healthcare professionals, including physiotherapists and occupational therapists, to help in the motor and cognitive recovery of patients affected by strokes, trauma, or chronic conditions like multiple sclerosis and Parkinson's disease. 
 H'ability has partnered with major healthcare institutions, including the CHU d’Angers, to ensure their solutions meet clinical needs. The platform allows patients to engage in therapeutic exercises in an interactive, motivating environment, aiming to reduce pain perception and speed up rehabilitation. 
 Dr. Richard S. HartNextGenSurgery 
 Dr. Richard S. HartNextGenSurgeryRichard S Hart BA MD FRCSC 
 Founder/ CEO/ Surgeon NextGenSurgery Inc. 
 Dr. Richard Hart is a visionary leader and an internationally recognized expert in Hepatobiliary, Pancreatic, and General Surgery. With a career spanning over three decades, and having the surgical service he created designated a "Centre of Excellence" 
 by Cancer Care Ontario. 
 Dr. Hart holds degrees from York University and the University of Western Ontario where he also completed General Surgery residency and fellowship training in HPB and Transplantation with the Multi-Organ Transplant Program and a further year as clinical fellow, overseas post Hammersmith Hospital in London, UK. He is a proud recipient of 
 multiple awards, reflecting his contributions to surgery and medical education. 
 With passions colliding, he is integrating cutting-edge neurotechnology, bci, and 
 psychophysiological assessment into the training ecosystem of Surgery culminating in the operating room. His pioneering work with NextGenSurgery Inc. aims to create a new paradigm in surgical education, focusing on developing elite performance in stress resilient surgeons and OR teams to address the problem of preventable harm. 
 The program and its DNA come from his own experiences and teachings as an elite athlete, Dr. Hart competed internationally for Canada in freestyle wrestling before becoming a surgeon. His unique perspective and experiences in optimal performance combined with scalable wearable tech and XR are at the heart of his IoSxT Theory, using neurotechnology and bci to train "the bidirectional flow of information to manage the requisite biobehavioral, cognitive, affective and technical skills for elite performance in critical moments using data science. Positioning him as a thought leader in the field, recognized for his surgical training innovations. 
 Dr. Hart’s passion extends beyond his professional life—he is also a dedicated father who enjoys spending time with his son exploring life's realities and wonders while instilling a philosophy of lifelong learning. 
 His commitment and passion for excellence, both in his professional endeavors and personal life, drives his relentless pursuit of innovation and the outer limits of human possibility. 
 Dr. Virginia LangHirLan 
 Dr. Virginia LangHirLanVirginia has thirty-nine years of experience in the areas of product design, Customer Centered 
 Participatory Design processes, and product lifecycle management. She is also known in the Human Computer Interaction and Usability Communities for her innovative techniques for collecting and incorporating user/customer feedback throughout the product lifecycle. In July 2014, Virginia founded and established the HirLan Institute of Human Factors with labs in Carlsbad, California and a Consortium arrangement in London, UK. HirLan has been supporting Top Ten pharma/medical device companies, as well as start-ups with consulting and testing services for the last 15 years. These services are in conjunction with their clients’ FDA 510(k) and CE mark applications, as well as establishing Human Factors Processes and SOPs. 
 Virginia holds a PhD in Cognitive-Experimental Psychology from SUNY Binghamton, and a Master of 
 Science (ABT) in Applied Technology, Systems Science from SUNY Binghamton. 
 Dr. Samuel MaxLeiden University Medical Center 
 Dr. Samuel MaxLeiden University Medical CenterDr. Samuel Max, BM BCh (Oxon), blends his expertise in engineering with his medical proficiency as a physician and PhD candidate at Leiden University Medical Center's Department of Cardiothoracic Surgery. Having graduated from the Universities of Surrey, Utrecht, and Oxford where he achieved prizes as first in his cohort at each institution, he is now pursuing a PhD in the field of the medical XR technologies. Sam coordinates the design and development of a virtual reality simulation platform for surgical healthcare professionals, and leads a project focused on producing AI-driven digital twins for ECMO machines and Heart-Lung Machines. 
 Dr. Mairi Therese DeighanUniversity of Bristol 
 Dr. Mairi Therese DeighanUniversity of BristolMairi Deighan is a biomedical engineer currently in the final months of her doctoral studies at the University of Bristol, England. Her PhD research focuses on investigating the challenges and opportunities associated with the integration of VR technology in teenage and young adult oncology. During her PhD, Mairi has engaged in collaborative efforts with clinicians, healthcare professionals, and, more recently, a group of young people diagnosed with cancer. Together, they co-designed novel VR applications tailored for cancer services in the UK. Her PhD is funded by Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children and the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council. Mairi’s passion for VR technology stemmed from the research experience obtained during her master’s degree. She developed and tested a VR application designed to evaluate the sound properties of spatialised sound engines. Her overarching goal was to create a virtual hearing assessment for children dealing with single-side deafness. Since then, Mairi has conducted research exploring the use of social virtual reality platforms during the COVID-19 pandemic, presenting this work at CHI 2023. Her work promises to be transformative in the emerging field of VR in paediatric and teenage oncology, with broader implications for the intersection of VR technology and healthcare. 
 Dr. Valentino MegaleSoftcare Studios 
 Dr. Valentino MegaleSoftcare StudiosCEO 
 Softcare Studios 
 Tech entrepreneur focused on digital health and mental well-being, TEDx speaker, and writer. Biologist, Ph.D. in Neuropharmacology, with International academic research experience in pharmacology, organic chemistry, and molecular biology in the fields of oncology and neuronal metabolism. CEO at Softcare Studios, a digital health startup specialized in developing virtual reality solutions for stress management and therapy education in patients undergoing medical treatments. A regular contributor to online magazines on the topics of emerging tech, healthcare, and startup ecosystems. Actively involved in education, communication, and consulting initiatives focused on innovation and social impact. 
 Dr. Harry van GoorRadboud University Medical Center 
 Dr. Harry van GoorRadboud University Medical CenterHarry van Goor, MD, PhD, FRCS 
 Professor of Surgical Education 
 Digital Innovation Scientist 
 Past Interim Chair 
 Department of Primary and Community Care 
 Radboud University Medical Center 
 Harry van Goor, MD, PhD, FRCS is a Professor of Surgical Education, an digital innovation scientist, and past interim chair of the Department of Primary and Community Care of the Radboud university medical center. He has published over 400 peer reviewed papers and book chapters in a broad field of surgical care, medical device development and digital technology supported healthcare innovation. He is leading several technology tracks in the ‘fewer Bricks, more Bytes, different Behaviour’ (BBB) programme to improve care and wellbeing of patients, and healthcare workers in- and outside the hospital, including intuitive personalized wayfinding, continuous monitoring with wearable devices and predictive analytics, Ambient Intelligence in the hospital and at home, and Virtual Connected Care. He has chaired a European private-public program R4Heal, that develops and validates an integrated healing system. In this program several VRx projects are performed on acute and chronic pain management, Fit4Surgery and rehabilitation for various purposes in-hospital and @home. Harry van Goor led the team of in-hospital and hospital@home continuous monitoring of vital signs during the COVI19 crisis and the post- COVID VR@home rehabilitation program (COVRehab, COVR2Home). Harry is advisor of several (inter)national start-ups in digital health and of medical device companies and member of the program committee of European Healthcare Design congress in the UK. He has been awarded the Digital Healthcare Professional prize in 2022. He is a Frank Lloyd Wright connoisseur and is passionate about mid-century architecture. 
 Dr. Laura LimontaHôpital Ambroise Paré 
 Dr. Laura LimontaHôpital Ambroise ParéLaura Limonta is a medical doctor and PhD candidate specializing in the application of virtual reality (VR) for healthcare education. As the Research Lead at Uptale, an innovative platform for immersive learning, Dr. Limonta focuses on integrating 360° virtual reality solutions into medical training programs. Her work aims to enhance student learning experiences and improve patient outcomes through advanced educational tools. 
 Dr. Limonta holds a medical degree from Havana Medical School and a Master’s degree from Université Paris-Saclay. At Uptale, she leads research initiatives that explore the use of VR in medical training, particularly in areas such as pain management and morphine titration. Her role involves driving research that supports the development and implementation of immersive learning technologies for healthcare professionals. 
 With a background in clinical practice, research, and healthcare consulting, Dr. Limonta is dedicated to advancing the integration of VR into medical education. Representing Uptale, she works to help organizations adopt immersive learning solutions that improve the quality of healthcare training and ultimately, patient care. 
 Dr. Stavros SkourasUniversity of Geneva 
 Dr. Stavros SkourasUniversity of GenevaDr. Stavros Skouras is a cognitive neuroscientist with a background in Extended Reality (XR), Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Brain-Computer Interface (BCI), with multi-year experience working at the nexus of clinical research and MedTech innovation. He has held the position of Scientific Collaborator in the Laboratory of 
 Neurology, Imaging and Cognition, at the Faculty of Medicine in the University of Geneva, as well as the position of Innovation Project Manager in the Neurology Clinic of University Hospital Inselspital Bern. Prior to this, Stavros was an 
 Associate Professor in the Department of Biological and Medical Psychology at the University of Bergen in Norway, and served three early-stage VR therapeutics startups as Scientific Director, Chief Technology Officer and Head of Data Analytics. He has taught neurocognitive research methods in several universities, 
 including the University of Zurich, the Free University of Berlin and the Pompeu Fabra University. Stavros’ special interests include scientific software design and medical devices, and he is the lead guest editor of the Frontiers in Neuroscience special topic on Translational Applications of Neuroimaging. 
 Dr. Ivan IsakovValkyrie Industries 
 Dr. Ivan IsakovValkyrie IndustriesIvan Isakov, CTO and co-founder at Valkyrie Industries. After 8 years working in academia (UCL & Imperial College London) on nanoelectronics, he co-founded Valkyrie Industries to bring haptic technology to industries and consumers. For the last 7 years in the company, he has been developing a variety of haptic products, including suits, gloves and armbands, and has created multiple VR experiences in creative, industrial, and healthcare fields. He has pioneered muscle haptics, the immersive use of neuromuscular stimulation for fitness and recovery. He is an international speaker, educator and a creative coder. 
 Sylvia Gabriela PhillipsNew Mexico State University 
 Sylvia Gabriela PhillipsNew Mexico State UniversitySylvia Gabriela Phillips is a college assistant professor and director of the graduate dietetic internship program at New Mexico State University (NMSU) in the United States. She is a licensed Registered Dietitian Nutritionist (RDN) in the U.S. Phillips’ professional background includes work experience in clinical nutrition, food 
 service, and community nutrition. She has worked in acute care, sports nutrition and community health settings, and currently has a partnership with Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center in Seattle, Washington, in the U.S. Phillips’ journey in the academic field has been marked by pushing boundaries and challenging conventional teaching techniques. Her primary goal as the dietetic 
 internship program director at NMSU has been to close the gaps between the classroom and real-world professional practice. 
 While clinical placements are always a challenge for dietetic interns in southern and inland regions of the United States, these roadblocks have provided an opportunity for Professor Phillips to develop remote learning curricula including using virtual reality and simulation dietetics to teach graduate courses at NMSU since 2017. Phillips identified a clinical dietetics curriculum gap for RDNs, as VR curricula had been developed for physicians and nurses, but not RDNs, who are an integral part of the health care team 
 in a clinical setting. 
 Phillips, who is fluent in both English and Spanish, has built from scratch the only dietetics simulation and virtual reality lab in the state of New Mexico with proprietary VR dietetics curricula in both English and Spanish. For her contribution to the field of dietetics, she received the New Mexico Outstanding Dietitian of the Year award in 2023, and continues to advance dietetics curriculum development using VR technology and 
 artificial intelligence mannequins. 
 Phillips holds a bachelor’s degree in nutrition and food science from Universidad Iberoamericana in Mexico City, a master’s degree in family and consumer science with an emphasis in human nutrition from New Mexico State University, and is pursuing a Ph.D. at NMSU, where she is conducting research on folic acid fortification of nixtamalized corn products. 
 Dr. Asher MarksYale School of Medicine 
 Dr. Asher MarksYale School of MedicineAssistant Professor of Pediatrics 
 Yale School of Medicine 
 Director of Pediatric Neuro-Oncology 
 Director of the Adolescent and Young Adult (AYA) Cancer Program 
 Yale New Haven Children’s Hospital 
 Asher M. Marks, MD, is an Assistant Professor of Pediatrics at the Yale School of Medicine and practicing pediatric hematologist/oncologist. He is the Director of Pediatric Neuro-Oncology and also serves as the Director of the Adolescent and Young Adult (AYA) cancer program for Yale New Haven Children’s Hospital. 
 While his clinical research frequently focuses on the care and treatment of children with brain tumors, his role as the director of the AYA program has led to the development of a virtual reality-based support group for adolescents and young adults with cancer. In collaboration with Foretell Reality, a clinical trial was launched in the fall of 2019, with very exciting early findings. 
 In addition, Dr. Marks serves on the Board of Directors for Child’s Play, a game industry charity dedicated to improving the lives of children in hospitals and domestic violence shelters, through the power of play. 
 Dr. Aman AnandMayo Clinic 
 Dr. Aman AnandMayo ClinicDr. Aman Anand is a Board-Certified Senior Radiation Physicist and the Director of the Mixed Reality Oncology Lab at Mayo Clinic. Trained 
 at U.T. M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston (UTMDACC), Dr. Anand played a key role in commissioning proton centers both at UTMDACC and Mayo Clinic in Arizona, where he also helped establish advanced clinical care practices. 
 Currently, he leads pioneering initiatives that blend virtual reality (VR) and artificial intelligence (AI) to enhance clinical workflows and patient experiences. His flagship project, HopeSphere, which virtually transports patients into treatment units to connect with loved ones, has gained widespread interest across RadOnc 
 department that he now wishes to expand to other units such as but not limited to: end-of-life care, infusion centers, and ambulatory services. Recognized with several competitive awards, Dr. Anand’s innovative work is now receiving institutional support. His expertise extends to haptics, digital twins, and machine learning, where his contributions continue to shape the future of oncology care. 
 Gijs den ButterSenseGlove 
 Gijs den ButterSenseGloveGijs den Butter is the co-founder of and chief product officer at SenseGlove, a Dutch company developing and commercializing the SenseGlove Nova. A wearable force and vibrotactilefeedback glove that enables lifelikeinteractions in XR. And helps companies to createrealisticcontrols for tele-robotic solutions.Gijs holds its master’s in design engineering from the Delft University of technology. Gijs isspecialized in human computer interaction and entrepreneurship. Prior to foundingSenseGlove Gijs worked as UX designer and consultant. 
 Dr. George PapagiannakisOramaVR 
 Dr. George PapagiannakisOramaVRDr. George Papagiannakis, co-founder and CEO of ORamaVR is a computer scientist specialised in computer graphics systems, extended reality algorithms and geometric computational models. ORamaVR (www.oramavr.com) is a Swiss deep-tech startup that aims to accelerate the world’s transition to medical VR training by offering an IT platform (MAGES-SDK) enabling the mass production of high fidelity medical Virtual Reality Simulations. These simulations are then been used by hospitals, medical device companies, medical schools and medical training centres to train and assess their medical professionals. 
 His academic credentials include serving as Professor of Computer Graphics at the Computer Science department of the University of Crete, Greece, as Affiliated Research Fellow at the Human Computer Interaction Laboratory of the Institute of Computer Science in the Foundation for Research and Technology Hellas, Heraklion, Greece, where he 
 leads the CG Group and as visiting Prof of CS at the University of Geneva. He has more than 100 
 publications in the field, and he is a member of CGS (Board Member), IEEE, Eurographics, ACM and SIGGRAPH professional societies. In 2011 he was awarded a Marie-Curie Intra-European Fellowship for Career Development from the European Commission’s Research Executive Agency. 
 He was conference chair of the Computer Graphics International 2016 Conference, in cooperation with CGS, ACM, ACM SIGGRAPH and Eurographics Associations. In 2017 he published a Springer-Nature book on Mixed Reality and Gamification which achieved more than 77.000 downloads so far. His pioneering research has attracted more than 2M EUR external funding at FORTH-ICS and more than 5.5M external R&D funding at ORamaVR. 
 Sean CarrollAnagram 
 Sean CarrollAnagramSean has a well established track record of delivering commercially driven and customer focused programmes across the public and creative sectors in the UK and internationally. 
 At Anagram, Sean leads on Inside Mental Health, a new immersive, empathetic training tool, developed with healthcare professionals for healthcare professionals. Inside Mental Health adapts Anagram’s award winning Playing with Reality collection to innovatively bring stories of those with lived experience of mental health conditions to the centre of the healthcare sector. 
 Norwin Kanderaonlinelive GmbH 
 Norwin Kanderaonlinelive GmbHNorwin Kandera has been designing communication measures for renowned companies worldwide for 30 years. As a graduate economist and MBA/Design Management, he has dedicated himself to the topic of meaningful, emotional and effective communication. 
 His focus is always on discovering and developing new, innovative communication concepts and technologies. A specific focus are communication concepts for the healthcare ecosystem. Together with his clients and partners, he explores, develops and implements new ways of using VR/MR/MR in communication between doctors and patients, physicians, hospitals and industry. 
 His expertise ranges from conceptual and creative thinking to analytical and strategic approaches and precise implementation. Norwin Kandera cultivates long-term partnerships and manages projects with unusual and innovative approaches. 
 Nicolas SchaettelhypnoVR 
 Nicolas SchaettelhypnoVRHypnoVR is the leading Digital Therapy in Pain & Anxiety Management, used in over 500 hospitals and clinics in 10 countries. Prior to founding HypnoVR Nicolas has spent 20 years in the technology and digital industry, both in product management and business development functions. 
 Since 2015 Nicolas is a co-owner of Culture Dot Digital and Ozango, 2 companies enabling cultural institutions to embrace the digital revolution by building products and services that help them reach current and new audiences. 
 In 2014 Nicolas joined PayPal as Senior Director of Products, EMEA, in charge of leading and developing PayPal's product strategy for the Europe, Middle East and Africa region. 
 Before joining PayPal, Nicolas spent 5 years at Microsoft where he grew the digital media presence of MSN in France and was also one of the founders of youmag, a mobile content service, sold to FIMALAC at the end of 2013. 
 Nicolas is a graduate from EDHEC Business School in France and holds an MBA from the University of Notre Dame, Indiana, USA. 
 Anne-Laure HéritierDiverSsiTy SA 
 Anne-Laure HéritierDiverSsiTy SAAnne-Laure Héritier is Co-Founder and CEO of DiverSsiTy SA, a Swiss-based Health tech 
 start up focused on personalized care solutions for ASD teenagers using MR. 
 She is an accomplished leader in e-health innovation and a specialist in mental health and 
 neurodiversity. With extensive experience in digital health and embedded system, she has a 
 robust background in developing pioneering projects and tools, particularly in the areas of 
 autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). 
 Since 2018, she has also directed initiatives for the pioneer ASD Center for Exceptional 
 Children(CEC) in China with SIMC SA, Geneva, advancing medical device development and 
 e-learning support in autism. With over two decades of experience, Anne-Laure contributes 
 significantly to neurodiversity care innovation. 
 Laetitia BochudVirtual Switzerland 
 Laetitia BochudVirtual SwitzerlandAfter holding leading roles in the communication and marketing fields, Laetitia Bochud joined the scene of immersive & spatial technologies in 2017 with Virtual Switzerland, which she helped create and grow. The association fosters the development, integration, and technological transfer of Swiss XR. Besides building initiatives, getting involved in projects and productions, Laetitia is also a university guest lecturer, jury member, and public speaker. She works as a consultant, chairs the XR4Europe association and heads the IMPULSE Programme – the European XR Accelerator. Aside from this, she is a board member of the TPG / the Geneva public transportation company. 
 Robert FineIVRHA 
 Robert FineIVRHAExecutive Director and Founder 
 IVRHA 
 Robert is the Executive Director and Founder ofIVRHA (International Virtual Reality and Healthcare Association). 
 In 2009, Robert started Cool Blue Media by organizing the first social media conference on the east coast of the United States, leading to the publication of the text book, "The Big Book of Social Media Case Studies, Stories and Perspectives" and shortly thereafter the only printed magazine covering social media, The Social Media Monthly. In May 2016, he launched VRVoice.co, a content vertical exploring virtual reality in the enterprise. In 2017, Robert started the largest annual conference on virtual reality and healthcare with events taking place both in the US and Europe. 
 Prior to 2009, Robert was the Senior Director of Global Strategy and Development of IT at Conservation International (CI). Robert joined CI in 2000 to take responsibility for connecting all of CI’s forty field offices to the Internet with broadband connectivity. During his 10 year tenure, he built an international staff of 25 IT professionals. 
 Robert has over ten years of additional work experience as a systems and sales engineer with various companies including CMGI, Hughes Network Systems, ioWave and Raytheon. Robert has a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from Villanova University, a master’s degree in environmental science and public policy from Johns Hopkins University, and is ABD at George Mason University. 
 SCHEDULE 
 Wednesday 
 November 13 
 Thursday 
 November 14 
 Friday 
 November 15 
 6:00pm - 9:00pmSpeakers/Sponsors/VIPS Welcome Reception 
 Location To Be Announced 
 8:00am - 9:00am (GMT+2)Registration 
 9:00am - 9:30am (GMT+2)Welcome 
 Robert Fine 
 Dr. Oliver Kannape 
 9:30am - 10:00am (GMT+2)The Internet of Surgical Things (IoSxTTM) 
 Dr. Richard S. Hart 
 10:00am - 10:30am (GMT+2)Networking Break 
 10:30am - 11:00am (GMT+2)Development of a 360° Virtual Interface to Raise Awareness in Patients with Diabetic Retinopathy and Macular Edema Using Virtual Reality 
 Dr. Laura Limonta 
 11:00am - 11:30am (GMT+2)Virtual Sedation and Immersive Training: Reshaping Patient Management and Clinical Skills through Virtual Reality 
 Dr. Valentino Megale 
 11:30am - 12:00pm (GMT+2)Implementation of Haptics for Effective XR Healthcare Use Cases 
 Gijs den Butter 
 12:00pm - 1:30pm (GMT+2)Lunch and Networking 
 1:30pm - 2:00pm (GMT+2)Virtual Reality for AYA’s: Shared Challenges and Successes in the UK and US 
 Dr. Mairi Therese Deighan 
 Dr. Asher Marks 
 2:00pm - 2:30pm (GMT+2)How to Integrate XR in a Competency-based Simulation Training Curriculum 
 Dr. Harry van Goor 
 2:30pm - 3:00pm (GMT+2)How Human Factors Define the Success of XR in the Design of Medical Devices and Training 
 Dr. Virginia Lang 
 3:00pm - 3:30pm (GMT+2)Networking Break 
 3:30pm-4:00pm (GMT+2)Virtual Reality Interprofessional Education Program: Build It and They Will Come 
 Kimberly Workum 
 4:00pm-4:30pm (GMT+2)HopeSphere: Redefining Patient and Family Experience through Virtual Reality in Radiation Oncology 
 Dr. Aman Anand 
 4:30pm-5:00pm (GMT+2)Deploying Virtual Reality Digital Therapies at Scale: Opportunities and Challenges 
 Nicolas Schaettel 
 8:00am - 9:00am (GMT+2)Registration 
 9:00am - 9:30am (GMT+2)Recap on Thursday's Proceedings 
 Robert Fine 
 Dr. Oliver Kannape 
 9:30am - 10:00am (GMT+2)Neurosymbolic AI Meets XR: Shaping the Future of Medical Training with Computational XR (CMXR) 
 Dr. George Papagiannakis 
 10:00am - 10:30am (GMT+2)Motivation During Rehabilitation: The Role of VR 
 Marie-Odile McKeeney 
 10:30am - 11:00am (GMT+2)Networking Break 
 11:00am - 11:30am (GMT+2)Educating Future Registered Dietitian Nutritionists (RDNs) through Developing Innovative Virtual Reality Dietetics Curricula: A Possible Solution to Alleviate the Shortage of Healthcare Professionals in the United States 
 Sylvia Gabriela Phillips 
 11:30am - 12:00pm (GMT+2)Innovating Together: How a Collaborative Ecosystem Transforms Healthcare 
 Dr. Ahmed Hussein 
 12:00pm - 1:30pm (GMT+2)Lunch and Networking 
 1:30pm - 2:00pm (GMT+2)Virtual Reality Skills Training for Cardiothoracic Surgery: Experience from Training a Thousand Trainees 
 Dr. Samuel Max 
 2:00pm - 2:30pm (GMT+2)Inside Mental Health: Building Empathy With XR 
 Sean Carroll 
 2:30pm - 3:00pm (GMT+2)Medical Storytelling in Virtual Reality 
 Norwin Kandera 
 3:00pm - 3:30pm (GMT+2)Networking Break 
 3:30pm - 4:00pm (GMT+2)Functional Electrical Stimulation and Extended Reality for More Efficient Neurorehabilitation 
 Dr. Ivan Isakov 
 4:00pm - 4:30pm (GMT+2)A Decade of Advancements Developing VR Therapeutics 
 Dr. Stavros Skouras 
 4:30pm (GMT+2)Adjourn 
 Hotel Suggestions for Geneva, Switzerland 
 (The following listed hotels are a 20-minute walk 
 from the hospital venue) 
 Home Swiss Hotel 
 Tiffany Hotel 
 Hotel Central 
 CitizenM Geneva Hotel 
 Ruby Claire Hotel Geneva 
  
 NOTE: If you are having trouble finding a hotel, please reach out to us on the messenger in the corner. 
  
 REGISTRATIONContact Information 
 If you have questions about tickets, sponsorship or anything else related to the event, please feel free to email us atsupport@ivrha.orgor call us at +1-202-684-6207. 
  
 About IVRHA 
  
 The International Virtual Reality and Healthcare Association (IVRHA) is a member driven organization comprised of entities throughout the healthcare ecosystem, including technology companies, teaching hospitals and universities, as well as healthcare providers and insurance companies. IVRHA’s mission is to facilitate and support the growth of the virtual reality in health and life sciences. Visit:https://ivrha.org/ 
  
 COVID-19 Statement 
  
 The conference will follow local guidelines as stipulated by the City of Geneva, Switzerland and the University Hospital of Geneva as it relates to the management of COVID-19. 
 © 2021, Cool Blue Media. All rights reserved. 
 Total:823 
 0 
 0 
 24 
 0 
 8 
 5 
 131 
 Send this to a friend 
 Your emailRecipient emailSendCancel

