Conference International Conference on Advanced Data Mining and Applications (ADMA):

The 21stInternational Conference on 
 Advanced Data Mining and Applications 
 2025 
 Kyoto, Japan 
 22nd~ 24thOctober, 2025 
 The 21stInternational Conference 
 Advanced Data Mining and Applications 
 2025 
 Kyoto, Japan 
 22nd~ 24thOctober, 2025 
 Welcome to the 21stInternational Conference on Advanced Data Mining and Applications! 
 The 21st International Conference on Advanced Data Mining and Applications (ADMA2025) will be held in Kyoto, Japan, from October 22 to 24, 2025. ADMA2025 aims to bring together experts on data mining from around the world and provide a leading international forum for disseminating original research findings in data mining, spanning applications, algorithms, software, and systems, as well as different applied disciplines with potential in data mining. It is our great pleasure to invite you to contribute papers and participate in this premier annual event on research and applications of data mining. Please see the calls for a variety of event activities. This is a time-honoured conference, and the accepted papers of the conference will be published bySpringer in LNAI(Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence) and indexed in EI and DBLP.Latest News! 
 href="/important_date.html" - Website is open! See important dates.
 
 Contact Us 
 ADMA2025 Organization Committee 
 Email: adma2025-committee@googlegroups.com 
 Twitter: @ADMA2025 

Call for Papers information:
ADMA2025 Call for Research and Industry Papers 
 The 21stInternational Conference on Advanced Data Mining and Applications (ADMA2025) will be held inKyoto, Japan, October 22-24, 2025. It is our great pleasure to invite you to contribute papers and participate in this premier annual event on research and applications of data mining. 
 Themes and Topics 
 We invite authors to submit papers relevant to the topics include, but are not limited to: 
 Data Mining Theories and Technologies 
 Data mining foundations and algorithms 
 Grand challenges in big data mining 
 Mining on data streams 
 Graph mining 
 Spatial and temporal data mining 
 Text, video, multimedia data mining 
 Web mining and social networks 
 Correlation mining and causality analysis 
 Recommender systems 
 Generative data mining 
 Deep learning models for data mining 
 Trustworthy and responsible data mining 
 Data mining security and privacy 
 Federated and privacy-aware data mining 
 Parallel and distributed data mining 
 Interactive data mining and visualisation 
 Benchmarking and evaluations 
 Trends in advanced data mining 
 Data Mining Applications 
 Data mining for edge intelligence 
 Data mining for bioinformatics 
 Image mining & interpretations 
 E-commerce data mining 
 Healthcare informatics 
 Disaster prediction and prevention 
 Data Mining Applications with LLMs 
 Financial market analysis 
 Software analysis with data mining 
 Data mining enhanced education 
 Data mining for AgriTech 
 Data mining in Internet of Things 
 Mining for database management 
 Data mining for space science 
 Data mining for cyber security 
 Data mining for eScience 
 Smart Cities applications 
 Data mining for societal science 

Submission Categories 
 ADMA 2025 has three submission tracks, includingResearch Track, Industry Track, and Special Session Track. The followings are information about Research and Industry Track. For the CFPs for Special Session Tracks, please refer to the corresponding webpages on the ADMA 2025 website. 
 Note that ALL track submissions must follow theLNAI (Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence)format. Templates and formatting details are available inhref="https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines" - Springer's Author Instructions
. Papers must not exceed15 pages (including references)in LNAI format. Accepted papers will be published in Springer's LNAI and indexed in EI and DBLP. The ADMA is recognized as a C-level conference by CCF (China Computer Federation). 
 Research Track 
 ADMA 2025 provides an international platform fororiginal research in data mining, covering applications, algorithms, software, and systems. Submissions will undergo double-blind peer review and should contribute to theoretical or applied advancements in data mining. 
 Industry Track 
 This track focuses on applied research and real-world implementations of data mining solutions. Submissions should highlightpractical value, industrial significance, and innovative deployments, such as best practices, novel systems, and large-scale dataset analyses in industry.The single-blind review process allows authors to include identity and affiliation details. 
 Important Dates (AoE Time) 
  
 Paper Submission Deadline (All Tracks) | May 8, 2025 
 Paper Notification (All Tracks) | July 27, 2025 
 Camera-Ready Submission Deadline (All Tracks) | August 10, 2025 
 Conference Dates | October 22 to 24, 2025 
 Submission Guidelines 
 CMT Acknowledgment 
 The Microsoft CMT service was used for managing the peer-reviewing process for this conference. This service was provided for free by Microsoft and they bore all expenses, including costs for Azure cloud services as well as for software development and support. 
 Submission Site 
 href="https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ADMA2025" - https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/ADMA2025
Formatting Guidelines 
 The paper should be in English and contain unpublished contributions to the data mining and related fields. 
 Manuscripts must be prepared in accordance with the LNAI (Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence) format. For the template and details on the LNCS style, seehref="https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines" - Springer's Author Instructions 
 The paper should NOT exceed 15 pages in LNAI format. 
 Submissions are reviewed in adouble-blindmanner. For ADMA2025 the double-blind means that: 
 Author identities and affiliations are not disclosed to reviewers during the review process. 
 Authors should prepare and submit suitably blinded manuscripts that do not reveal author and affiliation information. Specific requirements to this end are detailed below. 
 Authors and reviewers alike make an honest effort to avoid accidentally de-blinding any submission. 
 The list of authors at the time of submission is final and cannot be changed. 
 "Submitted papers" must comply with all of the rules below. Any violation may result in an"desk reject". 
 Manuscript Preparation 
 Authors must submit PDFs without author names and affiliations. Submitted PDFs must also not contain any metadata that could reveal author identities or affiliations. 
 Authors should aim to avoid copy&pasting substantial amounts of text from their own prior publications, as such text blocks may be readily recognized by experts familiar with the state of the art and recent papers in the area. 
 Similarly, authors should not directly reuse figures from their own prior publications without attribution. Ideally, “fresh” figures should be prepared and used whenever possible. If that is not a viable option, that is, if a figure must be reused, then a citation should be included giving credit to the original paper from which the illustration has been adapted. 
 Authors must refrain from using any specific formatting tricks linguistic mannerisms, figure styles, or other stylistic idioms that could hint at or disclose the author identity or affiliation. 
 Submitted papers should not include an acknowledgements section or funding acknowledgements (even when blinded) since it can indicate the country of residence of (some of) the authors. (Such acknowledgements of course may be added to the camera-ready version.) 
 Authors who seek to refer to an online appendix or to supplemental materials (e.g., source code, videos, etc.) may still do so. However, instead of directly providing a URL or tech report number, authors should include a note that the appendices and/or supplemental materials in question are available from the track chair upon request. 
 Authors must provide all supplemental materials and/or appendices that a submission refers to in blinded form and sent them to the PC chair by email (or other approaches appointed by the PC chair) before the submission deadline. 
 The track chair will retain a copy of all submitted materials for the duration of the reviewing process. Any such provided appendices or supplemental materials are not subject to review and may be consulted by the reviewers at their own discretion. 
 It is imperative to acknowledge the contributions of AI models in the generation of textual content. Authors utilizing AI-generated text in their manuscripts are required to assume full responsibility for the accuracy, integrity, and originality of the material presented. Furthermore, any section of the paper employing AI-generated text should include clear documentation and description of the AI system utilized. This transparency ensures that readers can discern between human-authored content and text generated by AI, fostering a culture of accountability and integrity within the scholarly community. 
 Own Prior Work, Well-Known Projects, and Research Artifacts 
 Authors should not upload their manuscript to preprint servers (such as arXiv) or their personal websites while the paper is under review, or otherwise publicly reveal their authorship of the manuscript under review. 
 As an exception to the previous rule, if a prior version of the manuscript has already been uploaded to a public preprint server prior to submission (e.g., if the paper is a re-submission of a paper previously rejected at another single-blind conference), then the paper may still be submitted to ADMA2025. However, such papers must be blinded when submitted to ADMA2025. 
 In exceptional circumstances that force a violation of the above two rules (e.g., a technical report or thesis must be filed in order for a student to graduate), the authors should contact the Program Chair prior to publicizing their manuscript content to avoid misunderstandings. 
 When submitting or extending a prior workshop publication, the workshop paper is treated as an online preprint for the purpose of the double-blind peer-review process. However, authors must proactively disclose the existence of a prior workshop version of a submitted paper. Such information should be emailed to the Program Chair. Failure to disclose a prior workshop publication is considered self-plagiarism. 
 After communicating with the Program Chair, submissions with conditions 2., 3., or 4. above are recommended to add a headline (or footer) on the first page with the following information: “This submission is based on Preprints, Paper Announcements, and Prior Workshop Papers. The information has been communicated with the Program Chair. The author(s) and the Program Chair request the reviewers not to actively search for the author names to ensure fairness of the double-blind review process.” Please contact the Program Chair at least 24 hours before the submission deadline if this applies to your submission. If the paper is accepted, the above text should be removed and appropriate citations if any should be added (e.g., citation for prior workshop paper, technical report or thesis and its relation to the accepted paper). 
 If your submission is an extended version of a workshop paper with DOI, you will be asked to provide a blinded version of the workshop paper as supplementary material. This will be used by the reviewers to verify that there is sufficient amount of new material in the extended version to warrant a publication at ADMA2025. 
 Conflicts of Interest 
 We use CMT’s conflict management system, through which authors should flag conflicts with members of the Program Committee. X and Y have a conflict of interest if any of the following applies: 
 X and Y have worked in the same university or company in the past two years, or will be doing so in the next six months on account of an accepted job offer. Different campuses within the same university system do not count as the same university for this purpose - UC Berkeley does not have a conflict with UC Santa Barbara. 
 X has been a co-author of a paper with Y in the last three years. 
 X has been a collaborator within the past two years, as evidenced in a joint publication (subsumed by the stricter rule on co-authorship above), joint research project, or co-organizing events (e.g., co-chairs of conferences), or are collaborating now (including co-authorship on papers not resulted in final publication yet). 
 X is the master’s/PhD thesis advisor of Y or vice versa, irrespective of how long ago this was. 
 X is a relative or close personal friend of Y. 
 It is the full responsibility of all authors of a paper to identify and declare all COIs with members of the Program Committee (reviewers, meta-reviewers, and PC chairs) prior to the submission deadline. Submissions with undeclared conflicts or spurious conflicts will be desk-rejected. 
 Contact Program Chairs 
 Yang Cao (Institute of Science Tokyo): cao@c.titech.ac.jp 
 Chuan Xiao (Osaka University): chuanx@ist.osaka-u.ac.jp 

Important Dates information:
Open main menuHomeSubmission Guidelineshref="/important_date.html" - Important Dates
href="/call_for_papers.html" - Call for Research and Industry Papers
href="/call_for_special_sessions.html" - Call for Special Session Proposals
href="/SpecialSessionCFPs.html" - Call for Special Session Papers
CommitteesSteering CommitteeOrganisation CommitteeKeynote Speakers20th Anniversary Panel DiscussionWomen Scientists Panel DiscussionYoung Scientist Panel DiscussionAttendingAttractionshref="/previous_adma.html" - Previous ADMA
href="https://adma2025.github.io" - Home
href="/important_date.html" - Important Dates
href="/call_for_papers.html" - Call for Research and Industry Papers
href="/call_for_special_sessions.html" - Call for Special Session Proposals
href="/SpecialSessionCFPs.html" - Call for Special Session Papers
Steering CommitteeOrganisation CommitteeMore...HomeAttractionshref="/previous_adma.html" - Previous ADMA
Back... 
 Important Dates (AoE) 
  
 Paper Submission Deadline (All Tracks) | May 8, 2025 
 Paper Notification (All Tracks) | July 27, 2025 
 Camera-Ready Submission Deadline (All Tracks) | August 10, 2025 
 Special Session Proposal Deadline | March 15, 2025 
 Special Session Proposal Notification | Within 1 week after submission 
 Conference Dates | October 22 to 24, 2025 
 Gold Sponsors 
 Silver Sponsors 
 Bronze Sponsors 
 ADMA2025 - The 21stInternational Conference on Advanced Data Mining and Applications, Kyoto, Japanhref="https://www.springernature.com/gp/authors/book-authors-code-of-conduct#:~:text=Springer%20Nature%20Code%20of%20Conduct,of%20Conduct%20for%20Book%20Authors.&text=Results%20should%20be%20presented%20clearly,including%20image%2Dbased%20manipulation" - Code of Conduct