Conference full name: National Conference of The Australian Society for Operations Research (ASOR)

1. Website of ASOR_3: https://conference.unsw.edu.au/en/the-51st-international-conference-on-computers-and-industrial-engineering
Website information of ASOR_3:

Conference 
 Conference 
 The 51st International Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering (CIE51) 
 9th to 11th December 2024 
 Kensington Campus, UNSW Sydney, Australia 
 Overview 
 href="#heading_copy-1349918355" - Important Dates 
 href="#heading-279739917" - Authors 
 href="#heading-1577299371" - Submissions and Paper Template 
 Registration 
 Keynote Speakers 
 Venue and Visa 
 Program 
 Menu | Overview 
 href="#heading_copy-1349918355" - Important Dates 
 href="#heading-279739917" - Authors 
 href="#heading-1577299371" - Submissions and Paper Template 
 Registration 
 Keynote Speakers 
 Venue and Visa 
 Program 
 Overview 
 Welcome Message from General Co-Chairs 
 The 51stInternational Conference on Computers and Industrial Engineering (CIE51) will be co-hosted by thehref="https://www.unsw.edu.au/canberra/our-research/research-centres-institutes/dsar-group" - Decision Support & Analytics Research Group (DSARG), opens in a new window
from the School of Systems & Computing (Syscom) at UNSW Canberra (Australia) and theCenter for Sustainable Operations and Supply Chain Resilience (CSOSRC), opens in a new windowat the University of Adelaide (Australia), between9thand 11thDecember 2024. The venue for this conference will be theColombo Building, Kensington Campus, UNSW Sydney, Sydney, Australia, opens in a new window. 
 CIE51 aims to gather researchers to disseminate and discuss state-of-the-art advancements in the areas of Industrial Engineering, supply chain management, operations management, Computer science, Manufacturing, Management, and other related areas. The conference will witness the participation of distinguished speakers worldwide in the different disciplines of Industrial Engineering, with keynote speeches from distinguished scientists on advanced topics. 
 This is the latest in the series sponsored byComputers & Industrial Engineering: An International Journal, opens in a new window, published by Elsevier. Its Impact Factor was 7.9 in 2023, and its Cite Score was 11.9 for the same year, placing it at the 96th percentile among general engineering journals (Q1 per the Web of Science and ABDC ranking ‘A’). 
 Come and join us for an experience that will prepare you to learn about new research and breakthroughs in Industrial Engineering, gain valuable insights into new start-ups and leading AI and IE establishments, grow your network, and get inspired by the brightest minds working in this multi-faceted field. 
 Should you have any queries related to this conference, please drop an email toCIE51@unsw.edu.au. 
 We look forward to meeting you at the CIE51 in Sydney. 
 Dr Ripon K. Chakrabortty 
 Dr Hasan H Turan 
 Prof Kannan Govindan 
 Prof Yasser Dessouky 
 General Co-Chairs, CIE51 2024 
 Important Dates 
 Special Session Submission Deadline:15th of May 2024(Extended) Full Paper Submission Deadline: 4th August2024(submitted papers will be sent out for review as soon we receive them) 
 (Extended) Abstract Submission Deadline:15th August 2024(please note that you do not need an accepted abstract to submit a full paper. You can submit the full paper directly, should you decide to) 
 Acceptance Notification:21st August 2024 
 Early Bird Registration Deadline:6th September 2024Final Paper Submission Deadline:30th September 2024 
 Final Date to Register:25th November2024 
 Conference Date:9th - 11th December 2024 
 Authors 
 The conference theme will be“Towards Smart, Sustainable, and Resilient Systems” 
 The CIE51 program will include guest speakers, peer-reviewed technical program, demos, short papers, posters, invited sessions on the same or related topics, industrial presentations, editorial board, industry panels, and exhibitions around but not limited to the following topics: 
 Smart Manufacturing Systems 
 Additive Manufacturing and 3D printing 
 Industrial Internet of Things 
 Cyber-Physical Systems 
 Humanitarian and Emergency Logistics 
 Simulation Optimization & Applications 
 Manufacturing Innovation 
 Resilient Smart Factories 
 Reliability Engineering and Predictive Maintenance 
 Human Factors Engineering and Ergonomics 
 E-Business and E-Commerce 
 Sustainable and Smart Transportation Systems 
 Quality Control and Management 
 Decision Support Systems 
 Production Planning and Operations Scheduling 
 Technology and Knowledge Management 
 Digital Transformation 
 Advanced Engineering Simulations 
 Defence Technologies 
 Engineering Management 
 Big Data Analytics & Applications 
 Resilience Supply Chains and Logistics Model 
 Operations Research and Optimization 
 Facilities Planning and Design 
 Lean Manufacturing and Six Sigma 
 Design for X 
 Data Mining and Business Intelligence 
 Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning applications 
 Product Process, Service, and Software Design Management 
 Reverse Engineering 
 Smart Cities Management Models 
 Healthcare Management Systems 
 Sustainable Supply Chain Management 
 Project Management and Control 
 Enterprise Resource Planning Systems 
 Circular Economics 
 Optimization of renewable energy resources 
 Vehicle routing 
 Workforce planning 
 Assembly line balancing 
 Proceedings and Special Issue 
 Conference proceedings carrying the ISSN identifier of CIE51 for the CD-ROM version and 2164-8689 for the online version. Both are also indexed in Scopus and El Compendex. The proceedings will be published by Curran & Associates and posted on the websitehttps://www.computers-and-ie.org/.Extended versions of selected articles will be published in a special issue ofELSEVIER Computers and Industrial Engineering Journal(ISSN 0360-8352). Some other special issues will be organized and announced on the conference webpage later. A few under discussion are-IEEE Engineering Management Review Journal,href="https://link.springer.com/journal/10479" - Annals of Operations Research
,href="https://www.tandfonline.com/journals/tprs20" - International Journal of Production Research
, andhref="https://www.sciencedirect.com/journal/transportation-research-part-e-logistics-and-transportation-review" - Transportation Research Part E: Logistics and Transportation Review
. 
 Update:Dedicated special issues for the CIE51 are already confirmed in the following journals:IEEE Engineering Management Review Journal,Computers and Industrial Engineering Journal, andhref="https://www.tandfonline.com/journals/tprs20" - International Journal of Production Research
. A selected, accepted, registered and presented full papers will be considered for those special issues. More journals are currently in discussion! 
 Paper Options 
 CIE51 offers two options for paper submissions and publications at the same registration rate: 
 i. Full papers are reviewed for presentation at the conference as well as for publication in the conference proceedings. A selected few full papers (based on reviewers' comments and suitability) will also be considered for special issues. 
 ii. Abstracts (only) will be reviewed for presentation at the conference without publishing in the conference proceedings. 
 All papers submitted to this conference will be peer-reviewed. 
 Competitions and Awards 
 Best Conference Paper Award Certificates with a Gift Pack for Each Awardee (Elsevier-sponsored). 
 Best Paper Award (and Gift Pack) for Each Special Session and General Stream sponsored by Elsevier. 
 Free Student Registration Awards (based on the best-obtained review reports) sponsored by Elsevier. 
 ( | EXTRA | ) Free Student Registration Awards Submitted to the 'Operations Research with Industrial Applications' Special Session sponsored by the Australian Society of Operations Research (ASOR). Students will be selected based on the obtained review reports. 
 ( | EXTRA | ) One 'Best Paper Award' Submitted to the 'Operations Research with Industrial Applications' Special Session sponsored by the Australian Society of Operations Research (ASOR). 
 Submissions and Paper Template 
 Prospective authors are invited to submit original technical papers to CIE51 that are not under review for any other conference or journal at the same time. 
 All submissions should be written in English with a maximum length of10 pages (including references and appendix, if any). Only PDF files will be accepted for the review process, and all submissions must be done through EasyChair. Onlyaccepted full paperswill be considered for the CIE51 proceeding and special issues. Accepted abstracts will only be included in the program schedule. In either case, someone from the authors must present during the conference.Notably, CIE51 proceedings will be published and indexed in Scopus with a dedicated DOI for the proceeding. 
 Important:Please make sure that the paper title and the list of authors included in the submitted PDF file are the same as those included in the EasyChair paper registration page. 
 To submit your paper, please clickhere, opens in a new window. 
 To download the Word template, please clickhere, opens in a new window. 
 To download the updated Latex template, please clickhere, opens in a new window. 
 Special Session 
 The CIE51 is privileged to have fifteen unique and extremely important special sessions to facilitate focused discussions on new topics or innovative applications. Authors are requested to select/mention the right special session track while submitting theirfull paper,should they decide to. Otherwise, submit your paper on a regular stream.1.AI-empowered Industrial Systems: case studies, challenges, and future prospects 
 Organised by: 
 Professor Xun Xu, The University of Auckland, New Zealand 
 Dr Yunlong Tang, Monash University, Australia 
 Dr Yuqian Lu, The University of Auckland, New Zealand 
 Dr Jan Polzer, The University of Auckland, New Zealand 
 2. Optimization of Electric-based Logistics System 
 Organised by: 
 Mr Setyo Tri Windras Mara, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 Professor Ruhul Amin Sarker, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 Dr Daryl Essam, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 Dr Saber Elsayed, UNSW Canberra, Australia 
 3.Enabling Supply Chain Resilience Through Data-Driven Digital Technologies 
 Organised by: 
 Professor William Ho, University of Melbourne, Australia. 
 Dr Agus Wicaksana, University of Adeliade, Australia. 
 4. Data-driven decision-making for planning and controlling manufacturing and service supply chains toward Net-Zero carbon emissions 
 Organised by: 
 Dr Humyun Fuad Rahman, Newcastle University, UK. 
 Associate Professor Sanjoy Kumar Paul, University of Technology Sydney, Australia. 
 Dr Ripon K. Chakrabortty, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 5. Supply Chain 5.0 - Towards Human-Centric, Sustainable, and Resilient Systems 
 Organised by: 
 Dr Peter SHI, Macquarie University, Australia. 
 Professor Chaozhe Jiang, Southwest Jiaotong University, China. 
 Hedy Dou, Macquarie University, Australia. 
 6. From Data to Action: Leveraging Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning for Effective Process Modelling 
 Organised by: 
 Dr Oz Sahin, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 Dr Russell Richards, The University of Queensland, Australia. 
 Dr Khoi Nguyen, Griffith University, Australia. 
 Dr Firouzeh Taghikhah, University of Sydney, Australia. 
 Dr Xiaolin Wang, Australian National University, Australia. 
 7.Human-Centric Production Systems in the Era of Industry 5.0 
 Organised by: 
 Associate Professor Dr Rajeev Agrawal, Malaviya National Institute of Technology Jaipur, India. 
 Professor Vikas Kumar, | Birmingham City University, UK. 
 Dr | Maria Leonilde Rocha Varela, University of Minho, Portugal. 
 Dr Anbesh Jamwal, Malaviya National Institute of Technology Jaipur, India. 
 8. Supply Chain Sustainability 
 Organised by: 
 Associate Professor Daniel D Prior, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 Dr Oz Sahin, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 Dr Hasan Turan, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 Dr Firouzeh Taghikhah, University of Sydney, Australia. 
 9. Vehicle Routing Problem with Synchronization 
 Organised by: 
 Dr Faisal Alkaabneh, American University of Sharjah, United Arab Emirates. 
 10. Leveraging quality management, sustainability management and digital manufacturing to support the industrial net zero transition 
 Organised by: 
 Associate Professor Andrea Trianni, University of Technology Sydney, Australia. 
 11. Computer-based Sustainable Logistic and Supply Chain Management 
 Organised by: 
 Associate Professor Devika Kannan, University of Adelaide, Australia. 
 Professor | Yongjian Li, Nankai University, China. 
 Dr Song Xu, Shanghai Maritime University, China. 
 href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MjidK0ugx59Z1boAN6IvmnxrZS6ouNOm/view?usp=sharing" - 12. Operations Research with Industrial Applications
Organised by: 
 Associate Professor Honglei Xu, Curtin University, Australia. 
 Dr Hasan Turan, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 Dr Simon Dunstall, CSIRO, Australia. 
 Dr David Marlow, Department of Defence, Australia. 
 13.Sustainable Transport Systems 
 Organised by: 
 Dr Elnaz Irannezhad, Research Centre for Integrated Transport Innovations (rCITI), UNSW Sydney, Australia 
 Prof Taha Rashidi, Research Centre for Integrated Transport Innovations (rCITI), UNSW Sydney, Australia 
 Associate Meead Saberi, Research Centre for Integrated Transport Innovations (rCITI), UNSW Sydney, Australia 
 Prof Vinayak Dixit, Research Centre for Integrated Transport Innovations (rCITI), UNSW Sydney, Australia. 
 14.The Future of Education and Work in the new Digitized Society 
 Organised by: 
 A/Prof. Andrei Sleptchenko, Khalifa University, Abu Dhabi, UAE. 
 A/Prof. Mecit Can Emre Simsekler, Khalifa University, Abu Dhabi, UAE. 
 Prof. Mohammed Omar, Khalifa University, Abu Dhabi, UAE. 
 15.Advancements of Machine Learning and AI in Civil Infrastructure and Defence Applications 
 Organised by: 
 Dr. Damith Mohotti, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 Prof. Chi-King Lee, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 Organising Committee 
 Conference Co-Chairs 
 Dr Ripon K. Chakrabortty, Senior Lecturer, Leader & Founder of the Decision Support & Analytics Research Group (DSARG), School of System & Computing, UNSW Canberra, Australia.Dr Hasan H Turan,Senior Lecturer, Research Lead at the Capability Systems Centre, School of System & Computing, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 Professor Kannan Govindan,Director of CSOSRC at the University of Adelaide, Australia, and Chair Professor at the University of Southern Denmark, Denmark.Professor Yasser Dessouky, San Jose State University, United States of America. 
 Local Organising Committee Members 
 1. Professor Ruhul A Sarker, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 2. Professor Sami Kara, UNSW Sydney, Australia. 
 3. Associate Professor Sanjoy Paul, University of Technology Sydney, Australia. 
 4. Professor Kathryn Kasmarik, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 5. Professor Honglei Xu, Curtin University, Australia. 
 6. Professor Babak Abbasi, RMIT University, Australia. 
 7. Dr Simon Dunstall, Data61, CSIRO, Australia. 
 8. Dr Darson Li, UNSW Sydney, Australia. 
 9. Dr Ismail Ali, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 10. Dr Sanath Kahagalege, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 11. Dr Huadong Mo, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 12. Professor William Ho, University of Melbourne, Australia. 
 13. Associate Professor Omar K Hussain, UNSW Canberra, Australia 
 14. Professor Daniel Prajogo, Monash University, Australia. 
 15. Associate Professor Ferry JIE, Edith Cowan University, Australia. 
 16. Dr Priyabrata Chowdhury, RMIT University, Australia. 
 17. Associate Professor Daniel Prior, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 18. Dr Pankaj Sharma, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 19. Dr Peter Shi, Macquarie University, Australia. 
 20. Dr Firouzeh Taghikhah, University of Sydney, Australia. 
 21. Dr Yu Zhang, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 22. Associate Professor Nagesh Shukla, Griffith University, Australia. 
 23. Dr Elnaz Irannezhad, UNSW Sydney, Australia. 
 24. Associate Professor Hadi Ghaderi, Swinburne University of Technology, Australia. 
 25. Associate Professor Sobhan (Sean) Arisian, La Trobe University, Australia. 
 26. Associate Professor Indra Gunawan, University of Adelaide, Australia. 
 27. Associate Professor Xiao-Hua Jin, Western Sydney University, Australia. 
 28. Professor Lusheng Shao, University of Melbourne, Australia. 
 29. Dr Anthony Sexton, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 30. Dr Alireza Abbasi, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 31. Dr Morteza Saberi, University of Technology Sydney, Australia. 
 32. Dr Reza Kiani Mavi, Edith Cowan University, Australia. 
 33. Dr Mostafa Khatami, University of Wollongong, Australia. 
 34. Dr Emiliya Suprun, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 35. Dr Damith Mohotti, UNSW Canberra, Australia 
 36. Dr Ram Prasad Mohanty, Founder & Director, DK Int Pty Ltd, Canberra, Australia. 
 37. Dr Shabnam Kasra Kermanshahi, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 International Advisory Board 
 1. Professor Dursun Delen, Oklahoma State University, USA. 
 2. Professor Min XIE, City University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong. 
 3. Professor Alexandre DOLGUI, IMT Atlantique Bretagne-Pays de Loire Department of Automation CIM, France. 
 4. Associate Professor Adriana Gabor, Khalifa University, Abu Dhabi, UAE. 
 5. Dr Humyun Fuad Rahman, Newcastle University, UK. 
 6. Dr Alexandros Tzanetos, Jönköping University, Sweden. 
 7. Dr Mesbahuddin Chowdhury, University of Canterbury, New Zealand. 
 8. Associate Professor Mohd Adil, NIT Hamirpur, India. 
 9. Dr Yuqian Lu, University of Auckland, New Zealand. 
 10. Professor George Huang, Hong Kong Polytechnique University, Hong Kong. 
 11. Associate Professor Carman Lee, Hong Kong Polytechnique University, Hong Kong. 
 12. Professor Prasanta Dey, Aston University, UK. 
 13. Dr Majid Azadi, Aston University, UK. 
 14. Professor Ali Emrouznejad, University of Surrey, UK. 
 15. Professor Lenny Koh, Sheffield University, UK. 
 16. Professor Sri Talluri, Michigan State University, USA. 
 17. Professor Tyson Browning, Texas Christian University, USA. 
 18. Dr Seyed Jalaleddin Mousavirad, Mid Sweden University, Sweden. 
 19. Dr Karam Sallam, University of Sharjah, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates. 
 20. Associate Professor Andrea Appolloni, University of Rome Tor Vergata, Italy. 
 Steering Committee 
 1. Mr Farhad Habibi, PhD Student, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 2. Mr Amir Hossein Ordibazar, PhD Student, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 3. Mr Md Mahmudul Hasan, PhD Student, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 4. Mr Abu Hashan Md Mashud, PhD Student, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 5. Mrs Tanzila Azad, PhD Student, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 6. Mrs Bodrunnessa Badhon, PhD Student, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 7. Mrs Sonia Farhana Nimmy, PhD Student, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 8. Mr Sayem Ahmed, PhD Student, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 9. Mr Md Kamruzzaman, PhD Student, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 10. Ms Yifan Xin, PhD Student, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 11. Alan Zhang, PhD Student, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 12. Mosaab Hamed, PhD Student, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 13. Aisyah Dewi Muthiah, PhD Student, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 14. Sareh Shahrabifarahani, PhD Student, UNSW Sydney, Australia. 
 15. Mr Sujan Miah, Master by Research Student, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 16. Zahra Jiryaei Sharahi, PhD Student, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 17. Hasin Md Muhtasim TAQI, PhD Student, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 18. Md Shahin, PhD Student, UNSW Canberra, Australia. 
 Registration 
 General Information 
 The registration page is open now! Please clickhere.While confirming, please respond to the questions on the registration page, particularly on thedietary requirement. Also note that the Gala Dinner will be on Wednesday, December 11th, between 6 and 9 p.m. 
 Also, note that the registration fees are converted to AUD. For example, while paying the general registration fee of USD 650, the Humanitix platform will charge you an equivalent of AUD 1000 + GST. Thanks for your understanding. 
  
 Registration Category | Early Bird Rate (if paid by August 30, 2024) | Normal Rate (if paid after August 30, 2024) 
 General Registration Fee (up to 1 paper) | USD 650 (AUD 1000) | USD 750 (AUD 1120) 
 General Registration Fee (Student)- up to 1 paper | USD 400 (AUD 615) | USD 450 (AUD 690) 
 General Registration Fee (Area Editors of CIE only) | USD 375 (AUD 560) | USD 375 (AUD 560) 
 Additional Fee for Each Extra Paper | USD 250 (AUD 385) | USD 250 (AUD 385) 
 Additional Conference Banquet Ticket | USD 150 (AUD 230) | USD 150 (AUD 230) 
 Additional Fee Per Extra Page (if more than 10 pages) | USD 15 (AUD 23) | USD 15 (AUD 23) 
 Workshop on 'Demonstration of Simulation Modeling with AnyLogic" | USD 100 (AUD 150) | USD 100 (AUD 150) 
 Workshop on “System Dynamics Modelling and Decarbonisation of Transport Sector” | ~USD 67 (AUD 100) | ~USD 67 (AUD 100) 
 Registration CategoryGeneral Registration Fee (up to 1 paper)Early Bird Rate (if paid by August 30, 2024)USD 650 (AUD 1000)Normal Rate (if paid after August 30, 2024)USD 750 (AUD 1120) 
 Registration CategoryGeneral Registration Fee (Student)- up to 1 paperEarly Bird Rate (if paid by August 30, 2024)USD 400 (AUD 615)Normal Rate (if paid after August 30, 2024)USD 450 (AUD 690) 
 Registration CategoryGeneral Registration Fee (Area Editors of CIE only)Early Bird Rate (if paid by August 30, 2024)USD 375 (AUD 560)Normal Rate (if paid after August 30, 2024)USD 375 (AUD 560) 
 Registration CategoryAdditional Fee for Each Extra PaperEarly Bird Rate (if paid by August 30, 2024)USD 250 (AUD 385)Normal Rate (if paid after August 30, 2024)USD 250 (AUD 385) 
 Registration CategoryAdditional Conference Banquet TicketEarly Bird Rate (if paid by August 30, 2024)USD 150 (AUD 230)Normal Rate (if paid after August 30, 2024)USD 150 (AUD 230) 
 Registration CategoryAdditional Fee Per Extra Page (if more than 10 pages)Early Bird Rate (if paid by August 30, 2024)USD 15 (AUD 23)Normal Rate (if paid after August 30, 2024)USD 15 (AUD 23) 
 Registration CategoryWorkshop on 'Demonstration of Simulation Modeling with AnyLogic"Early Bird Rate (if paid by August 30, 2024)USD 100 (AUD 150)Normal Rate (if paid after August 30, 2024)USD 100 (AUD 150) 
 Registration CategoryWorkshop on “System Dynamics Modelling and Decarbonisation of Transport Sector”Early Bird Rate (if paid by August 30, 2024)~USD 67 (AUD 100)Normal Rate (if paid after August 30, 2024)~USD 67 (AUD 100) 
 Registration Rules 
 At least one author of each accepted paper needs to register (as an in-person presenter). Otherwise, the submission will not be included in the proceedings. This should be the person intending to present the paper at the conference. Registration applies to not only full papers but also any publication included in the companion proceedings. Registering an author does not automatically grant conference access to co-authors (they need to register if they wish to attend the conference). 
 Only students of bachelor, master, or PhD programs with a valid student ID (or other proof of student status) at the time of registration are eligible for student fees. 
 Please provide your details while registering for the discounted price for the | Area Editors ofComputers & Industrial EngineeringJournal | . Thanks! 
 Each registration includes attendance to all the sessions of the 3-day conference, Gala Dinner, and presenting and publishing 1 paper (with 10 pages max). 
 Should you have any queries related to this conference registration, please drop an email toCIE51@unsw.edu.au. 
 Workshop on “Demonstration of Simulation Modeling with AnyLogic” 
 Day and Time:10:30 am -1:00 pm,Wednesday, December 11, 2024 
 Location:UNSW Sydney, Kensington Campus (In-Person) 
 Price:150 AUD/person (limited to 20 attendees) 
 Overview: 
 Simulation modeling is a useful method for analyzing complex systems. It allows decision-makers to explore "what-if" scenarios to understand the impact of different choices on system performance. 
 This workshop is designed for beginners interested in learning simulation modeling. The course starts with the basics and gradually introduces concepts like Discrete Event Simulation and Monte Carlo simulation. Attendees will learn to apply these techniques using the AnyLogic software, gaining practical experience and improving their simulation modeling skills.Workshop content: 
 In this workshop, we will cover the topics of: 
 Introduction to Simulation and AnyLogic GUI 
 Java basics for AnyLogic 
 Monte-Carlo and Discrete Event Simulation Modelling in AnyLogic 
 Simulation-based optimization 
 Dashboard development and interaction with data in external environments 
 Hands-on practices with cases from various domains 
 Facilitator: 
 Dr Hasan TURAN is a Lecturer at the University of New South Wales, Canberra, and the Research Lead at the Capability Systems Centre. He is an expert on the development of data-driven solution methods and their application to complex decision-making problems arising in different domains. 
 Dr. Turan has been involved in several large-scale simulation projects funded. He has been teaching undergraduate and graduate-level simulation courses and organizing simulation-related special sessions at various leading national and international scientific conferences. 
 Notes: 
 (a) Please make sure you pay the workshop fee during conference registration by adding “Workshop on 'Demonstration of Simulation Modeling with AnyLogic" in the online payment system. 
 (b) All course material, including source codes, will be made available for attendees in advance. 
 Workshop on “System Dynamics Modelling and Decarbonisation of Transport Sector” 
 Day and Time:2:00 pm -5:00 pm, Wednesday, December 11, 2024 
 Location:UNSW Sydney, Kensington Campus (In-Person) 
 Price:100 AUD/person (unlimited) 
 Overview: 
 System dynamics modelling excels in forecasting due to its ability to capture complex, dynamic interactions within a system. Unlike methods that isolate supply and demand components, it adopts a holistic view, crucial for understanding how various factors interact and influence outcomes. Key features of system dynamics modelling include: 
 ·Feedback Loops:It models dynamic relationships by incorporating feedback loops, showing how changes in one area (e.g., energy supply) affect others (e.g., demand for electric trucks) over time. 
 ·Time Delays:The models reflect real-world delays, important for energy demand forecasting where policy impacts are not immediate. 
 ·Non-linear Behaviour:System dynamics capture non-linear interactions, providing a more accurate representation of complex variable relationships. 
 ·Scenario Analysis:It allows exploration of different future scenarios based on variable changes, aiding decision-makers in understanding potential outcomes. 
 System dynamics is particularly suited for evolving conditions and relationships in forecasting the effectiveness of various policies such as decarbonisation scenarios for the transport and logistics sector. 
 This workshop is designed for beginners interested in learning systems dynamics simulation modelling. In the first hour of the course, the system dynamics modelling and examples will be presented. In the second hour, the attendees will develop a simple systems dynamics model using the Vensim software. In the third hour, a system dynamics modelling framework for decarbonisation of freight transport will be presented and the attendees can get a hands-on experience with the model dashboard, model reports and sensitivity analysis. The attendees will gain practical experience and improve their strategic system dynamics simulation modelling skills. 
 Workshop content: 
 In this workshop, we will cover the topics of: 
 Introduction to system dynamics modelling framework, input data and output reports 
 Simple system dynamics model development 
 Hands-on practices with a system dynamics model for decarbonisation of freight transport system in Australia 
 Facilitator: 
 Dr Hossein Hosseini is an early career researcher for the Brain and Mind Centre at the University of Sydney. His research is focused on systems modelling approaches to analyse complex socio-technical problems. In particular, his current research is concentrated on mental health policy analysis via a System Dynamics modelling effort in which simulation models are developed through a participatory approach to understand the drivers of mental health system change and to explore system transitions to the future in Australia. 
 Dr Elnaz Irannezhad is a Senior Lecturer of transport in the Research Centre for Integrated Transport Innovations (rCITI), School of Civil and Environmental Engineering. Elli's research contributes to the advancement of science in cross-disciplinary fields of logistics, freight transport modelling, and decarbonisation. 
 Notes: 
 (a) Please make sure you pay the workshop fee during conference registration by adding “System Dynamics Modelling and Decarbonisation of Transport Sector " to the online payment system. 
 (b) All course material, including source codes, will be made available for attendees in advance. 
 Keynote Speakers 
 Distinguished Professor Jie Lu 
 University of Technology Sydney, Sydney, Australia 
 Distinguished Professor Jie Lu AO (Officer of the Order of Australia) is an internationally renowned scientist in the area of computational intelligence, who has made fundamental and influential contributions, particularly in fuzzy transfer learning, concept drift, data-driven decision support systems, and recommender systems. Her research has huge positive implications and significant impact on her research community and for society and economics. An IEEE Fellow, IFSA Fellow, Australian Computer Society Fellow, and Australian Laureate Fellow in AI, Jie has published six research books and about 500 papers in leading journals and conferences, has won 10 ARC Discovery projects and ARC Laureate fellow project, and also led 15 ARC Linkage and industry projects. She has supervised 50 PhD students to completion. 
 As the Director of the Australian Artificial Intelligence Institute (AAII) at UTS, the largest AI centre in Australia with 35 researchers and 230 PhD students, Jie works at the frontier of the information age. Her research is helping shape the way organisations use data to make decisions in complex and uncertain situations. Jie, who is also Associate Dean (Research Excellence) in the Faculty of Engineering and Information Technology at UTS, has driven the faculty’s culture of research excellence and impact. Effective prediction and decision making deliver direct benefits to industry and the community by increasing economic activity and helping organisations to manage risk. Jie has applied her expertise and theoretical innovation in this field in industry collaborations across a wide range of sectors, including transportation, telecommunications, health care and education. 
 Her projects include partnerships with Optus, Sydney Trains, Domain Holdings, Australia Ltd, Workforce Health Assessors and 23Strands, developing and implementing intelligent recommender systems and data-driven decision support systems. She received the UTS Vice-Chancellor's Research Medal for Research and Teaching Integration (2010), the UTS Chancellor's Research Medal for Research Excellence (2019), the Computer Journal Wilkes Award (2018), the IEEE Transactions on Fuzzy Systems Outstanding Paper award (2019 and 2022), the Australian Most Innovative Engineer award (2019), IEEE Distinguished Lecturer, NeurIPS 2022 Paper Award, Australasian AI Distinguished Research Contribution Award (2022) and Australian NSW Premier Prize on Excellence in Engineering or Information & Communication Technology (2023). 
 She delivers 40 keynote speeches at international conferences. She serves as Editor-In-Chief for leading journal Knowledge-Based Systems (Elsevier) since 2010. 
 Professor Chen-Fu Chien 
 National Tsing Hua University, Taiwan R.O.C. 
 Dr. Chen-Fu Chien is Tsinghua Chair Professor and Executive Vice President, National Tsing Hua University (NTHU), Hsinchu, Taiwan. He is now the President of Asia Pacific Industrial Engineering & Management Systems Society (APIEMS). Since 2018, he has been the Director of Artificial Intelligence for Intelligent Manufacturing Systems (AIMS) Research Center that is one of four national AI centers sponsored by National Science and Technology Council (NSTC), Taiwan. He is the founder and Director for Decision Analysis Laboratory (DALab), the NTHU-TSMC Center for Manufacturing Excellence, and the Zhen-Ding Tech & National Tsing Hua University Joint Research Center in Taiwan. He received B.S. with double majors in Industrial Engineering and Electrical Engineering with the Phi Tau Phi Honor from NTHU in 1990. He received M.S. in Industrial Engineering and Ph.D. of Decision Sciences and Operations Research at UW-Madison, in 1994 and 1996, respectively. He was a Fulbright Scholar in the Department of Industrial Engineering and Operations Research, UC Berkeley, from 2002 to 2003. From 2005 to 2008, he had been on-leave as the Deputy Director of Industrial Engineering Division in Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC). He received the Executive Training of PCMPCL from Harvard Business School in 2007. He was a Visiting Professor in Institute for Manufacturing, Cambridge University (sponsored by Royal Society, UK), Visiting Professor in Beijing Tsinghua University (sponsored by Chinese Development Foundation), Visiting Professor in Waseda University (sponsored by Japan Interchange Association Young Scholar Fellowship), and Visiting Professor in Tianjin University and Zhejiang University, China. 
 His research efforts center on decision analysis, big data analytics, modeling and analysis for semiconductor manufacturing, manufacturing strategy, and manufacturing intelligence. Dr. Chien and his DALab Associates have conducted in-depth university-industry collaborative research projects with the leaders of different industrial segments to validate developed solutions and served as senior consultant for leading companies including TSMC, MediaTek, Delta, and AUO. Dr. Chien has received 12 USA invention patents on intelligent manufacturing and published 6 books, 12 case studies in Harvard Business School, and more than 220 journal papers with Google citation number over 10466 and H-index 51. He has been listed as world Top 2% Scientists. He has been invited to give keynote speech in various conferences including APIEMS, C&IE, FAIM, IEEE, IEEM, IML, ISMI, ISSM, leading universities and international companies worldwide. He is a Fellow of APIEMS, CIIE, and CSMOT. Dr. Chien received the National Quality Award, the Executive Yuan Award for Outstanding Science & Technology, three Distinguished Research Awards and Tier 1 Principal Investigator (Top 3%) from NSTC, Distinguished University-Industry Collaborative Research Award from the Ministry of Education, University Industrial Contribution Awards from the Ministry of Economic Affairs, the TECO Award, the 2011 Best Paper Award of IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering, and the 2015 Best Paper Award of IEEE Transactions on Semiconductor Manufacturing. 
 Professor Steven Carnovale 
 College of Business at Florida Atlantic University, USA 
 Dr. Carnovale is a Professor of Supply Chain Management at the College of Business at Florida Atlantic University and Co-Editor-in-Chief of the Journal of Purchasing and Supply Management. Prior to joining FAU, Dr. Carnovale was Associate Professor of Supply Chain Management at the Saunders College of Business at the Rochester Institute of Technology from August 2018 to December 2022 and Nike Professor of Supply Chain Management at Portland State University from Sept. 2014 to June 2018. Dr Carnovale is a supply chain strategist specializing in interfirm networks, risk management and global sourcing/production networks with a specific focus on equity-based partnerships. He is an Associate Editor at the Journal of Supply Chain Management. His research has appeared in the Journal of Supply Chain Management, the Journal of Business Logistics, the Journal of Purchasing and Supply Management, the Journal of International Business Studies, the International Journal of Production Economics, the European Journal of Operational Research and Annals of Operations Research among others. Dr. Carnovale earned his B.S. and PhD degrees at Rutgers University, specializing in Supply Chain Management and Marketing Sciences. Dr. Carnovale is a frequent speaker at both academic and professional supply chain meetings on topics related to supply networks & analytics, with a specific focus on how firms can use these concepts to generate enhanced visibility and financial performance within their supply chains and extended enterprises. Prior to his academic work he co-founded a marketing strategy and consulting firm, worked in sales and operations management roles in the IT sector, as well as in market research and marketing analytics roles. 
 Professor Tava Olsen 
 Deputy Dean, Academic, Melbourne Business School, University of Melbourne, Australia 
 Tava Olsen is a Professor of Operations and Supply Chain Management and the Deputy Dean, Academic at Melbourne Business School. Tava is an award-winning expert in operations and supply chain management, with a PhD from Stanford University and extensive experience publishing in and serving on the editorial board of four Financial Times Top 50 journals. Prior to joining Melbourne Business School, she was the head of two departments at the University of Auckland Business School: Information Systems and Operations Management, as well as Accounting and Finance. She also served previously as Deputy Dean from 2020 to 2021 and was also the Director of its Centre for Supply Chain Management from 2010 to 2022. 
 Before moving back to her native Auckland, Tava spent most of her academic career in the United States. She taught operations and manufacturing management at Washington University’s Olin Business School – first as Associate Professor and later Professor – from 2000 to 2010, and was an Assistant Professor at the University of Michigan from 1994 to 2000. Tava has edited several top academic journals including Operations Research (Area Editor for Operations and Supply Chain), Production and Operations Management (Senior Editor), Management Science (Associate Editor) and Manufacturing and Service Operations Management (Associate Editor). 
 Tava has taught a wide variety of courses, including operations management, service operations, healthcare management, business analytics, simulation, critical thinking, and project management, to a range of audiences from bachelors to executives. Outside of teaching, she also served as President of the Manufacturing and Service Operations Management Society and has been awarded more than US$3 million of external funding throughout her career, including through the Royal Society of New Zealand’s Marsden Grant and the National Science Foundation’s CAREER Award in the US. 
 Professor Min Xie 
 Chair Professor, City University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, China 
 Member of European Academy of Sciences and Arts, Fellow of IEEE 
 Asian Region VP, Institute of Industrial and Systems Engineers 
 Min Xie entered USTC in 1978 and later received his undergraduate and postgraduate education in Sweden. He has been a chair professor of Chair Professor at City Univ of Hong Kong since 2011. Prior to that, he was with National Univ of Singapore for 20 years, where he joined as one of the first recipient of LKY research fellow. He has carried out extensive research in quality, reliability and industrial engineering, and published over 300 journal papers and 10 books. He has advised 60 PhD students, now working in industry or academia in different continents. He was elected IEEE fellow in 2006 and in 2022 to European Academy of Sciences and Arts. He currently serve as Chairman of Fellow Evaluation Committee for IEEE TEMS society and VP for Asian Region of IISE. 
 Abstract: AI systems – challenging issues to consider for industrial engineers 
 Driven by the rapid advancement of AI and data science, intelligent systems are becoming ubiquitous in industry and our daily lives. Analyzing and improving the reliability and safety of intelligent systems is a challenging task. In this talk, we will present some of our related research and discuss the problem from a systems engineering perspective. Intelligent systems rely heavily on the availability of large amounts of data, which can be affected by issues such as measurement accuracy, sensor dependability, and uncertainty due to the changing environments in which these systems operate. Some possible approaches to address these challenges will also be discussed. These may include techniques for ensuring data quality, robust sensor fusion, uncertainty quantification, and system-level verification and validation. By rigorously addressing the dependability of intelligent systems, we can unlock their full potential while ensuring the safety and reliability of the critical applications they enable. 
 Prof. Dr. Dr. habil. Dmitry Ivanov 
 Full Professor of Supply Chain and Operations Management, director of the Digital-AI Supply Chain Lab, and faculty director M.A. Global Supply Chain and Operations Management at the Berlin School of Economics and Law, Germany 
 Professor Ivanov's research spans supply chain resilience and digital supply chain twins. Author of the Viable Supply Chain Model and founder of the ripple effect research in supply chains. His educational background includes industrial engineering and management during five years of diploma studies along with artificial intelligence, information systems, simulation, and control theory during PhD and habilitation. He gained Dr., Dr. Sc., and Dr. habil. Degrees, won several research excellence awards, and got an extensive industry experience. His research record counts around 450 publications, with more than 160 papers in prestigious academic journals and the leading books “Global Supply Chain and Operations Management” (three editions), “Introduction to Supply Chain Resilience”, “Introduction to Supply Chain Analytics”, „Structural Dynamics and Resilience in Supply Chain Risk Management“, “Scheduling in Industry 4.0 and Cloud Manufacturing”, “Digital Supply Chain” and „Handbook of Ripple Effects in the Supply Chain“. He delivered invited plenary, keynote, panel and guest talks at the conferences of INFORMS, IFPR, IFIP, IFAC, DSI and POM, and over 30 universities worldwide. Author of anyLogistix Supply Chain Simulation and Optimization Software academic area. He has been Chairman, IPC Chair, and Advisory Board member for over 60 international conferences in supply chain and operations management, industrial engineering, control and information sciences. Recipient of several prestigious academic awards. Principal investigator in several projects about digital supply chain twins and resilience funded by EU Horizon and DFG. Listed in several rankings as one of the most cited researchers in Business and Management. Chair of IFAC CC 5 “Cyber-Physical Manufacturing Systems”, Editor-in-Chief of International Journal of Integrated Supply Management, Associate Editor of International Journal of Production Research, Annals of Operations Research and OMEGA, guest editor and Editorial Board member in over 20 leading international journals including IISE Transactions and IJPE, to name a few. 
 Professor Dr Alexandre Dolgui 
 Dr. Alexandre Dolgui received his MSc degree from Minsk Radioengineering Institute (1983), PhD degree from the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus (1990), and Dr Habil degree from the University of Technology of Compiègne (France) in 2000. He is an IISE Fellow, a Distinguished Professor and the Head of the Automation, Production and Computer Sciences Department at the IMT Atlantique campus in Nantes, France. His research focuses on manufacturing line design, production planning, scheduling, and supply chain engineering. His main results are based on exact mathematical programming methods and their intelligent coupling with heuristics, metaheuristics and automatic control techniques. He has contributed to the theory of assembly line balancing, combinatorial design of machining lines, process planning, supply chain scheduling, lot sizing, and replenishment planning under uncertainties, as well as to the theory of resilience and risk analysis in supply networks. He is the co-author of5books, the co-editor of32books or conference proceedings, and the author of over330refereed papers in international journals. He is theEditor-in-Chiefof the International Journal of Production Research, anArea Editorof Computers & Industrial Engineering, a former Associate Editor of IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics and Omega, Member of the Editorial Board of 24 other journals, including the International Journal of Production Economics. He is anActiveFellow of the European Academy for Industrial Management,Member of the Board of the International Foundation for Production Research, formerChair (Vice-Chair now) of IFAC TC 5.2 Manufacturing Modelling for Management and Control,Member of IFIP WG 5.7Advances in Production Management Systems,IEEE System Council Analytics and Risk Technical Committee,he has been Scientific Chair of many leading scientific conferences and received several international and French awards. 
 Venue and Visa 
 Venue 
 The 51stInternational Conference on Computers & Industrial Engineering (CIE51) will be held at the Columbo Building, Kensington Campus, UNSW Sydney, Australia. 
 For directions to the UNSW Sydney campus, clickhere, opens in a new window. 
 About Sydney! 
 Travelling to Sydney for your next event is becoming a breeze! Sydney Airport, a major international hub, boasts connections to almost anywhere in the world. With over 630 direct international flights offered by 47 airlines every week, finding a convenient and potentially affordable option is easy. Even better, flight capacity is booming, reaching 90% by September 2024, a significant jump from 71% in January 2023. Key routes from places like India, Korea, and Fiji are even surpassing pre-pandemic levels. Plus, Australia's world-class visa system ensures a smooth application process for delegates from all countries. Sydney is ready to welcome you! 
 Don't worry about needing a car for short trips! Most delegate destinations are easily walkable. But if you need to venture further, Sydney has a convenient public transport network with buses, trains, light rail, and ferries. And the best part? You only need one Opal Card, to access it all across Sydney and nearby areas. It's simple to use, and contactless payment with credit cards (Amex, Mastercard, or Visa) or linked devices is also an option for those on the Adult fare. Plus, fares are capped at AUD 15 daily, so you can explore freely without breaking the bank. 
 Please note that December is a 'summer' month in Sydney, with temperature averages of 26.2°C. 
 Visa Information 
 All visitors to Australia require a valid passport and visa upon entry, with delegates attending a business event or conference required to apply for a business visitor visa. for a comprehensive outline of visa options and how to apply, please visitwww.immi.gov.au. Please apply for visas 6-8 weeks before the intended travel date.​ 
 Australia has relatively few travel and visa restrictions for delegates and organisers wishing to enter the country. Passport holders from most countries can apply for Australian visas online. 
 There are three visas that delegates can apply for online to visit Australia for tourism or business visitor activities, as outlined below. Use thislinkto find the right visa for you. 
  
 e-Visitor 
 (subclass 651) | Cost: Free. 
 Processing time: 75% of applications processed in 1 day. 90% processed in 17 days. 
 Electronic Travel Authority 
 (subclass 601) | Cost: Free (service charge of AUD20 for online applications only). 
 Processing time: 1 day. 
 Visitor visa 
 (subclass 600) | Cost: Base application charge from AUD145. 
 Processing time: 75% of applications processed in 5 days. 90% processed in 21 days. 
 If you need an invitation letter for visa purposes, please get in touch withCIE51@unsw.edu.au. 
 e-Visitor 
 (subclass 651)Electronic Travel Authority 
 (subclass 601) 
 Cost: Free. 
 Processing time: 75% of applications processed in 1 day. 90% processed in 17 days. 
  
 Cost: Free (service charge of AUD20 for online applications only). 
 Processing time: 1 day. 
 e-Visitor 
 (subclass 651)Visitor visa 
 (subclass 600) 
 Cost: Free. 
 Processing time: 75% of applications processed in 1 day. 90% processed in 17 days. 
  
 Cost: Base application charge from AUD145. 
 Processing time: 75% of applications processed in 5 days. 90% processed in 21 days. 
 Accommodation 
 We recommend you book your accommodation yourself, using the information below. 
 Sydney and its beautiful surroundings offer an extensive choice of accommodation to suit every style and budget. Whether looking for five-star luxury suites, contemporary and spacious serviced apartments, or budget hotels, Sydney can meet your needs. 
 Sydney has more than 42,000 hotel/motel rooms and serviced apartments, with approximately half located in the city centre and within walking distance or a short taxi ride to major venues and tourist attractions. 
 Please use the below hotel link directly (based on your preference) and promo code to get a15%discount (CIE51 conference rate). 
 Promo code:TH16930610 
 Link:Adina Apartment Hotel Bondi Beach Sydney 
 Link:Adina Apartment Hotel Coogee Sydney 
 Link:Adina Apartment Hotel Sydney Surry Hills 
 Link:Vibe Hotel Darling Harbour 
 Here, 3 of the options are apartment hotels and the Vibe being a CBD offering with a restaurant/bar on site and a rooftop pool. 
 Another Option: 
 If this is a single person coming (or, at most, a couple without kids), you may also look for the 'UNSW Sydney Short Stay Accommodation'option. It is just 4-5 minutes walking distance from the conference building and situated within the UNSW Sydney campus. More details could be obtained from the webpage.For booking, you must email, opens in a new windowjessica.thomson1@unsw.edu.auand mention the conference name for discounted pricing ($181.50per night with daily cleans or$150per night with a clean every second day for each room). They only have 40 rooms, and they will be booked on a 'first-come-first-serve' basis! 
 Program 
 Please find theconference 'Program Schedule Summary'while planningyour trip. More details will be announced closer to the conference date. 
  
 Day 1: Monday, December 9, 2024 | Day 2: Tuesday, December 10, 2024 | Day 3: Wednesday, December 11, 2024 
 08:30-10:00 | Registration | 08:30 - 09:30 | Registration | 08:30 - 09:30 | Registration 
 9:15- 9:45 | Opening Ceremony | 09:15- 10:00 | Keynote Speech III | 09:15 - 10:00 | Keynote Speech VII 
 9:45-10:30 | Keynote Speech 1 | 09:15- 10:00 | Invited Speech I | 10:00 - 10:30 | Morning Tea 
 10:30-11:00 | Morning Tea | 10:00 - 10:30 | Morning Tea | 10:30 - 12:00 | Parallel Sessions 
 11:00 - 11:30 | Keynote Speech 2 | 10:30 - 12:00 | Industry Forum | 12:00 - 12:45 | Invited Speech II 
 11:30 - 13:00 | Parallel Sessions | 12:00 - 12:40 | Keynote Speech IV | 12:45 - 13:45 | Lunch & Networking 
 13:00 - 14:00 | Lunch & Networking | 12:30 - 13:10 | Keynote Speech V | 13:45 - 15:15 | Parallel Sessions 
 14:00 - 15:30 | Parallel Sessions | 13:00 - 14:00 | Lunch & Networking | 15:15 - 15:45 | Afternoon Tea 
 15:30 - 16:00 | Afternoon Tea | 14:00 - 15:30 | Parallel Sessions | 15:45 - 17:15 | Parallel Sessions 
 16:00 - 17:30 | Parallel Sessions | 15:30 - 16:00 | Afternoon Tea | -- | -- 
 17:30 - 18:15 | Meet the Editors | 16:00 - 17:30 | Parallel Sessions | 18:30 - 21:30 | Gala Dinner, Closing Ceremony and Award Night 
 18:15 - 20:15 | Welcome Reception & Networking | 17:30 - 18:15 | Keynote Speech VI 
 Program Handbook and Detailed SchedulePlease check the attached PDF. 
 Industry Forum on “Towards Smart, Sustainable, and Resilient Systems” 
 On the 2ndday of the conference,the 10thof December (Tuesday), between 10:30 and 12:30, the CIE51 will organise an industry forum, which will be facilitated by panel members coming from the project management accreditation body (AIPM), transportation and logistics companies, government bodies, and others. Feel free to reach out toCIE51@unsw.edu.aufor any further information. The panel members are: 
 Dr Darius Danesh, Chief Executive Officer, Australian Institute of Project Management (AIPM) | Dr. Darius Danesh is a results-driven executive with extensive expertise in project portfolio management and executive leadership, consistently serving as a trusted advisor to organisations across both public and private sectors. 
 Throughout a distinguished career, Darius has held numerous executive leadership roles, guiding organisations on a diverse array of critical areas, including Project Portfolio Management, PMO, Governance, Financial and Risk Management, Business and Digital Transformation, Data Analytics, Decision-Making, and AI/BI advancements. 
 Darius is a Fellow Certified Practicing Portfolio Executive (FAIPM CPPE), a Fellow Chartered Professional Engineering Executive (FIEAust CPEng EngExec NER APEC Engineer IntPE), and a graduate member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors (GAICD). He holds a Bachelor's and a Master's degree in Engineering Science, as well as a Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Strategic Project Portfolio Management (Data Analytics & Decision Sciences). 
 Darius has also served as Chair and Board Director for various engineering and project management organisations, consistently contributing to the advancement of the field and the strategic success of each organisation. 
 Michael W McLean, Managing Director, McLean Management Consultants Pty Ltd. | Academic Fellow – International Council of Management Consulting Institutes 
 Senior Fellow - Australian Graduate School of Leadership / Torrens University 
 Fellow - Australian Institute of Company Directors 
 Fellow - Australian Organisation for Quality (Life Member and Dr JM Juran Medallist) 
 Director - Inter-Port Global Consolidated Holdings Pty Ltd 
 Chairman Impartiality Committee - Certex International Certification Body 
 Industry clients since 1988– American University Egypt; Arabian Cement; Bank National Indonesia; BHP Steel and Ok Tedi PNG; Boral; Changi Airport; CBA; CSR; Qatar Transport; General Motors; Indonesian Dept of Transport; QANTAS; Standard Life; Nissan; Volvo Trucks; Westpac; Zurich. 
 Government Submissions and Research – University of NSW Senate Inquiry Developing a Sovereign Tech Sector; NSW MLC Freight Strategy and Port of Newcastle; Defence Whitepaper and Defence Strategic Review; NSW Manufacturing Council. 
 Academic Lecturer, Publications and Author -https://orcid.org/0009-0004-2551-4750. Macquarie Business School, UoN, UoW, IEEE Thailand. Books “Manufacturing Money” and Australian Made “Problem-Solving Pocket Guide”. 
 International ISO Standards Specialist: AiGroup Member’s Delegate to Standards Australia and ISO -TC 176 Chair’s Strategy Advisory Group; ISO 9001 QMS WG29 Revision; ISO 9001 Brand Integrity TG02; ISO Integrated Use of MS Standards. 
 Martin Heinzlmair, General Manager, CRISIS Group | I am a logistics professional with over a decade of experience in transport and supply chain management. As General Manager at Crisis Group, I have focused on enhancing operations and building strong teams, while driving key achievements such as securing IATA Cargo Agent accreditation. This milestone reflects my dedication to maintaining the highest industry standards and delivering reliable, efficient solutions. 
 Being a Chartered Manager through both the Chartered Management Institute (CMI) and the Institute of Managers and Leaders (IML) has reinforced my commitment to effective leadership and professional growth. I take pride in streamlining complex logistics operations, managing international freight challenges, and ensuring client satisfaction. Fluent in German and English, I approach each challenge with a practical mindset, aiming to achieve tangible results while fostering collaboration and continuous improvement within my teams. 
 Karandeep Chadha, Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport Australia (CILTA) | Karandeep Chadha has two decades of diverse work experience in infrastructure asset management, property, procurement, supply chain, consumer goods and financial services industries for top-tier Australian, US and European organisations, operating in high-performing agile environments both in private and government sectors. He has an extensive track record of helping organisations achieve their objectives with continued success, leveraging his deep, multifaceted practical experience in the specialities of strategy, transformation, innovation, data, analytics, technology, financial analysis, risk and project management. 
 Michael Read, Director (ITSA & Deputy CISO), Cyber Security Resilience, Cyber Security & Resilience Branch, National Disability Insurance Agency | Michael is a trusted and recognised senior thought leader in Government, the private sector and national security. Michael has extensive knowledge and experience in managing strategic capabilities and developing highly effective organisational units to positively influence stakeholder outcomes. His ability to build exceptional teams is unparalleled, as is his strategic vision for identifying and maximizing opportunities. Michael has expert knowledge in Government, defence and national security structures which he navigates effectively to create outcomes for clients and stakeholders. 
 Developed and implemented the NDIA Cyber Security Program 
 Established an Insider Threat Program and related technology stack for the National Disability Insurance Agency (NDIA) 
 Successfully completed the Aged Care Gateway Transition, a major Machinery of Government change between the Department of Social Services and the Department of Health. 
 Developed, implemented and maintained the AFP security intelligence ecosystem for AFP operations in Afghanistan/Middle East. 
 Developed, implemented and ran the AFP Protection Intelligence Assessments Team to ensure the early identification of threats to High Office Holders. 
 Qualifications 
 Masters in Cybersecurity Operations – University of New South Wales, ADFA 
 Bachelor of Arts in Geographic Information Systems, University of New England 
 Graduate Certificate in Applied Management, Australian Institute of Police Management. 
 Archival Garcia, Chief Executive Office, Fluent Cargo | Experienced Director with a demonstrated history of building software and technology businesses. Proven track record in generating and managing sales and consultation teams, skilled in Omni-Channel Fulfillment, Business Process Improvement, Operations Management, End to End Supply Chain Optimisation and Enterprise Software. A unique blend of hardware and engineering background with software applications expertise. Archival is the CEO of FluentCargo (https://www.fluentcargo.com/, opens in a new window), headquartered in Melbourne, which is an independent, mission-driven organisation that empowers its clients with instant access to essential shipping information. By consolidating schedules, port and carrier details, pricing, tracking, and emissions monitoring, Fluent Cargo offers a centralised source of truth. This lets Fluent Cargo’s customers plan and manage shipments more efficiently and effectively, ensuring optimal cargo logistics. 
 Sponsors 
 UNSW Sydney 
 UNSW Canberra 
 Decision Support & Analytics Research Group 
 The University of Adelaide 
 San Jose State University (USA) 
 Australian Society For Operations Research (ASOR)

2. Website of ASOR_3: https://www.asor.org.au/index.php/events/asor-conferences
Website information of ASOR_3:

ASORAustralian Society for Operations Research 
 Skip to content 
 Jump to main navigation and login 
 Nav view search 
 Navigation 
 href="http://asor.org.au/" - 
Font Size 
 Bigger.Reset.Smaller 
 Search 
 href="/index.php" - About ASOR | Office Bearers / Representatives 
 Affiliation 
 Membership 
 Social Media 
 Events and Services | href="/index.php/events/asor-conferences" - ASOR Conferences 
 Seminars 
 Awards and Medals | href="/index.php/award-medal/asor-ren-potts-award" - ASOR Ren Potts Award 
 Rising Star Award 
 ASOR Conferences 
 APORS 2022 
 ASOR is a member of the Asia-Pacific Operations Research Societies (APORS), and the APORS 2022 conference is being held Nov 9-12 in Manila, Philippines. APORS is an abstract-only conference. This means that to attend the conference as a speaker you need to submit an abstract of up to 500 words, and the program committee then invites you to give a presentation (in person or virtual) based on an assessment of your abstract and its relevance to Operations Research. 
 The abstract submission date was recently extended to 17 July 2022. To submit your abstract visithttps://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=apors2022, and visithttp://apors.orgfor more information. 
 ASOR 2022 
 Due to the proximity of APORS 2022 and MODSIM/ASOR 2023, ASOR will be holding a workshop-style conference in late 2022, rather than a conference made up of presentations. More information to come. 
 MODSIM/ASOR 2023 
 ASOR is very pleased to announce that we will once again be holding an annual national conference joint with the Modelling and Simulation Society of Australia and New Zealand (MSSANZ) - this time, atMODSIM 2023 in Darwin. This is much earlier in the year than usual for MODSIM, but allows us all to be in Darwin at the best possible time of year. The conference organising committee has opened the conference up to early registrations. This is prior to 30 June 2022 so as to assist intending participants to commit 2021-2022 financial year funding if this suits their present financial situation. There are several more months until the full paper or extended abstract submission due dates. 
 Past Conferences 
 ASOR National Conference 2021 - ASOR at MODSIM 2021 
 The MODSIM Conference in 2021 was held at U. Sydney and ASOR was again a partner in the conference. It was our national conference for 2021. 
 IFORS 2021 - South Korea 
 The IFORS 2020 conference has been postponed until August 2021. See theIFORS websitefor more information. 
 ASOR is a member of IFORS, through the Asia-Pacific OR Societies (APORS). 
 ASOR National Conference 2019 - ASOR and DORS at MODSIM 2019 
 We are very grateful to MSSANZ for inviting us to once again be part of their major event, MODSIM, in Canberra from 1-6 December 2019. The call for papers has closed. Visithttps://mssanz.org.au/modsim2019/index.htmlfor information and registration. 
 ASOR's plenary speaker and special guest is Jerry Brown:Gerald G. Brown, Ph.D., is an Emeritus Distinguished Professor of Operations Research at the Naval Postgraduate School, where he has taught and conducted research in optimization and optimization-based decision support since 1973, earning awards for both outstanding teaching and research. His military research has been applied by every uniformed service, in areas ranging from strategic nuclear targeting to capital planning. He has been awarded the Barchi, Mennekin, Rist, and Thomas prizes for military operations research, is credited with guiding investments of more than a trillion dollars, and has earned the INFORMS President and Steinhardt Prizes for lifetime achievements. He has designed and implemented decision support software used by the majority of the Fortune 50, in areas ranging from vehicle routing to supply chain optimization. His research has earned patents and appears in scores of open-literature publications and classified reports, some of which are seminal references. Brown is an elected member of the National Academy of Engineering, a recipient of two US Navy Distinguished Civilian Service Medals, and an INFORMS Fellow. 
  
 ASOR will once again offer a Student Presentation Prize for the ASOR/DORS stream at the conference. Students, please do make sure we know you are in contention, by emailinghref="mailto:info@asor.org" - info@asor.org
before the conference. We are good, but not perfect, at identifying who is and isn't a student based on the conference program. Three aspects with equal weight - presentation style, presentation structure, and presentation scientific/technical content - will form the basis of our selection of prize winner. 
  
 Seehref="https://asor.us3.list-manage.com/track/click?u=e5dc07278410de67438725d8c&id=00e2f20dd4&e=c8def64985" - https://mssanz.org.au/modsim2019/
for more information about the conference, plenaries and events. 
 ASOR National Conference 2018 
 ASOR 2018 / DORS 2018 was the 26th National Conference of the Australian Society of Operations Research. It was held in Melbourne from 4 to 6 December 2018. The ASOR / DORS 2018 conference brought together 260 delegates in optimisation, operations planning, informatics, operations research, defence, simulation and modelling of industrial operations, statistics and big data analytics. The Full Papers (peer reviewed) will be published as a monograph by Springer later in 2019. 
 The dedicated website for the conference is athref="http://www.confer.nz/asor-dors2018/" - http://www.confer.nz/asor-dors2018/
. 
 (Above) Kyle Rogers from SCLAA speaking as part of theLast Mile Logisticsworkshop on Day 3 of the ASOR-DORS 2018 Conference. 
 ASOR National Conference 2016 
 The 24th National Conference of the Australian Society for Operations Research was held on 16-17 November 2016 in Canberra, joint with the Defence OR Symposium (DORS). The conference included two types of submissions: Extended Abstracts and Full-Papers. Extended abstracts were published on the conference CD, and full papers were published by Springer in Lecture Notes in Management and Industrial Engineering (LNMIE) under the titleData and Decision Sciences in Action. Full details are available at thehref="http://www.asor-act.net/ASORConf/" - Conference Website
. 
 Past Conferences 
 Past conferences we have hosted and organised: 
 Recent Advances 2016 
 href="http://mssanz.org.au/modsim2015/" - ASOR/MODSIM/DORS 2015 
 href="/index.php/component/content/2-uncategorised/6-asor-recent-advances-2015?Itemid=112" - ASOR Recent Advances 2015 
 href="http://mssanz.org.au/modsim2013/" - ASOR/MODSIM/DORS 2013 
 IFORS 2011 in Melbourne 
 href="/conf2009/index.php?page=1" - ASOR National Conference 2009 
 href="/archive/page.php?page=1" - ASOR National Conference 2007 
 ASOR Recent Advances (annually) 
 Contact ASOR: info@asor.org.auhref="http://www.linkedin.com/groups/Australian-Society-Operations-Research-4473262" -

3. Website of ASOR_3: https://itd-alliance.org/resources/conferences/
Website information of ASOR_3:

Skip to contentHome 
 About 
 ITD Conference | Menu Toggle | ITD24 | Menu Toggle | Conference Fees 
 Conference Registration 
 Programme | Menu Toggle | Keynotes and plenaries 
 Excursions on Friday 
 Information for presenters | Menu Toggle | Information for posters and short videos 
 Accommodation 
 Practical information | Menu Toggle | The Railway Museum 
 Conference Board 
 Organisers 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 href="https://itd-alliance.org/call-for-contributions/" - Call for Contributions 
 Membership 
 Members | Menu Toggle | Institutional Members 
 Individual Members 
 Donor Founding Members | Menu Toggle | Center for Interdisciplinarity (C4I) 
 href="https://itd-alliance.org/institute-for-social-ecological-research-isoe/" - Institute for Social-Ecological Research (ISOE) 
 MED – Mediterranean Institute for Agriculture, Environment and Development 
 href="https://itd-alliance.org/network-for-transdisciplinary-research-td-net/" - Network for Transdisciplinary Research | td-net 
 Founding Members 
 Members 
 Working Groups & Networks | Menu Toggle | href="https://itd-alliance.org/working-groups/early-career-researchers/" - Early Career Researchers | Menu Toggle | ECR Handbook 
 Toolkits & Methods | Menu Toggle | Toolkit Inventory Project 
 Quality & Rigour Project 
 Integration Experts and Expertise 
 Regional Networks | Menu Toggle | Oceania Regional Network 
 Resources | Menu Toggle | Member Publications 
 Toolkit Inventory 
 Designing Inspiring Workshops and Courses in Transdisciplinarity: A Guide 
 Conferences 
 Journals 
 Newsletters & Blogs 
 Professional Associations and Networks 
 News 
 Events 
 Member Area | Menu Toggle | Log In 
 Ideas Board 
 Enter Your Information 
 Individual Members List 
 Discounts for Conferences 
 General Assemblies | Menu Toggle | General Assembly 2024 
 General Assembly 2023 
 General Assembly 2022 
 General Assembly 2021 
 Main MenuHome 
 About 
 ITD Conference | Menu Toggle | ITD24 | Menu Toggle | Conference Fees 
 Conference Registration 
 Programme | Menu Toggle | Keynotes and plenaries 
 Excursions on Friday 
 Information for presenters | Menu Toggle | Information for posters and short videos 
 Accommodation 
 Practical information | Menu Toggle | The Railway Museum 
 Conference Board 
 Organisers 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 href="https://itd-alliance.org/call-for-contributions/" - Call for Contributions 
 Membership 
 Members | Menu Toggle | Institutional Members 
 Individual Members 
 Donor Founding Members | Menu Toggle | Center for Interdisciplinarity (C4I) 
 href="https://itd-alliance.org/institute-for-social-ecological-research-isoe/" - Institute for Social-Ecological Research (ISOE) 
 MED – Mediterranean Institute for Agriculture, Environment and Development 
 href="https://itd-alliance.org/network-for-transdisciplinary-research-td-net/" - Network for Transdisciplinary Research | td-net 
 Founding Members 
 Members 
 Working Groups & Networks | Menu Toggle | href="https://itd-alliance.org/working-groups/early-career-researchers/" - Early Career Researchers | Menu Toggle | ECR Handbook 
 Toolkits & Methods | Menu Toggle | Toolkit Inventory Project 
 Quality & Rigour Project 
 Integration Experts and Expertise 
 Regional Networks | Menu Toggle | Oceania Regional Network 
 Resources | Menu Toggle | Member Publications 
 Toolkit Inventory 
 Designing Inspiring Workshops and Courses in Transdisciplinarity: A Guide 
 Conferences 
 Journals 
 Newsletters & Blogs 
 Professional Associations and Networks 
 News 
 Events 
 Member Area | Menu Toggle | Log In 
 Ideas Board 
 Enter Your Information 
 Individual Members List 
 Discounts for Conferences 
 General Assemblies | Menu Toggle | General Assembly 2024 
 General Assembly 2023 
 General Assembly 2022 
 General Assembly 2021 
 Conferences 
 The collection of ITD-related conferences below is based on a compilation developed by Integration and Implementation Sciences (i2S) between 2002 and 2021. The ITD-Alliance took over the compilation in 2022 and is now expanding and updating it. 
  
 Name | Link | Keywords 
 Association of Interdisciplinary Studies (AIS) conference | Conference Website | Interdisciplinarity, transdisciplinarity and action research methods, organized by ITD Alliance Member 
 Innovations in Collaborative Modeling conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation, organized by ITD Alliance Member 
 International Network for the Science of Team Science (INSciTS) conference | Conference Website | Team science and project management, organized by ITD Alliance Member 
 ITD International Transdisciplinarity Conference | Conference Website | Interdisciplinarity, transdisciplinarity and action research methods, organized by ITD Alliance Member 
 Sustainability Research and Innovation (SRI) Congress | Conference Website | Sustainability science, organized by ITD Alliance Member 
 Action Learning, Action Research Association Inc (ALARA) Australasian conferences and world congresses | Conference Website | Interdisciplinarity, transdisciplinarity and action research methods 
 Action Research Network of the Americas (ARNA) annual conference | Conference Website | Interdisciplinarity, transdisciplinarity and action research methods 
 American Society for Cybernetics (ACS) annual conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Asia-Pacific Region System Dynamics conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Association of European Research Societies (Euro-k) conferences | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Australian and New Zealand Academy of Management annual conference | Conference Website | Management education, research, and practice 
 Australian Society for Operations Research (ASOR) conference | href="https://www.asor.org.au/index.php/events/asor-conferences" - Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Canadian Knowledge Mobilization Forum | Conference Website | Research implementation and transformation 
 Chaotic Modeling, Simulation and Applications (CHAOS) annual international conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Citizen Science Association biennial conference | Conference Website | Citizen Science 
 Coalition Theory Network (CTN) annual workshop | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Collaborative Action Research Network (CARN) annual conference | Conference Website | Interdisciplinarity, transdisciplinarity and action research methods 
 Complex Systems (ECCS or CCS) annual conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Complex Systems Design Management (CSDM) annual conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Design Research Society (DRS) biennial conference | href="https://www.designresearchsociety.org/events?list" - Conference Website | Design Research 
 Ecosystem Services Partnership (ESP) world conference | Conference Website | Sustainability science 
 Engagement Australia (EA) annual conference | Conference Website | Engagement 
 European Association for Decision Making (EADM) biennial conference on Subjective Probabilities, Utility, and Decision Making (SPUDM) | Conference Website | Uncertainty, risk and decision making 
 European Conference on Modelling and Simulation (ECMS) annual conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 European Simulation and Modelling (ESM) annual conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 European Social Simulation Association (ESSA) annual conference on Social Simulation | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Evidence and Implementation Summit biennial conference | Conference Website | Research implementation and transformation 
 Global Implementation Society (GIS) biennial conference | Conference Website | Research implementation and transformation 
 Humanities, Arts, Science, and Technology Alliance and Collaboratory (HASTAC) annual conference | Conference Website | Education 
 Hawai’i International Conference on the System Sciences (HICSS) an annual conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Information Processing and Management of Uncertainty in Knowledge-Based Systems (IPMU) biennial conference | Conference Website | Uncertainty, risk and decision making 
 Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Society (SMC) | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Interdisciplinary Learning and Teaching United Kingdom annual conference | Conference Website | Interdisciplinarity, transdisciplinarity and action research methods 
 Interdisciplinary Network for Group (INGRoup) annual conference | Conference Website | Team science and project management 
 International Association for Impact Assessment (IAIA) annual conference | Conference Website | Research implementation and transformation 
 International Association for Conflict Management (IACM) annual conference | Conference Website | Conflict management 
 International Association of Public Participation (IAP2) annual regional conferences | Conference Website | Public participation 
 International Association for Critical Realism (IACR) annual conference | Conference Website | Critical Realism 
 International Council on Systems Engineering (INCOSE) annual international symposium | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 International Conference on Computer Modeling and Simulation (ICCMS) annual conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 International Environmental Modelling and Software Society (iEMSs) biennial conference | href="https://iemss.org/topics/news/conferences/" - Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 International Federation of Operational Research Societies (IFORS) triennial conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 International Society for the Systems Sciences (ISSS) annual conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 International Society for Ecological Economics biennial conference | Conference Website | Interdisciplinarity, transdisciplinarity, sustainability science 
 International Society for Bayesian Analysis (ISBA) biennial world meeting | Conference Website | Uncertainty, risk and decision making 
 International Society of Multiple Criteria Decision Making (MCDM) biennial conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Latin American Congress of Interdisciplinary Research and Higher Education (link to this conference will be available when a conference date has been set) | Interdisciplinarity, transdisciplinarity and action research methods 
 Modelling and Simulation Society of Australia and New Zealand (MSSANZ) biennial Modelling and Simulation (MODSIM) conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 National Coordinating Centre for Public Engagement (NCCPE) - Engage annual Conference | Conference Website | Engagement 
 National Organization of Research Development Professionals (NORDP) annual conference | Conference Website | Research Development 
 Naturalistic Decision Making (NDM) biennial international conference | Conference Website | Uncertainty, risk and decision making 
 Operational Research Society (OR Society) annual conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Operational Research Society (OR Society) Simulation Workshop | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Operational Research Society (OR Society) New to OR biennial conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Project Management Institute (PMI) conferences | Conference Website | Team science and project management 
 Relating Systems Thinking and Design (RSD) annual symposium | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Resilience Engineering Association (REA) bi-annual symposium | Conference Website | Uncertainty, risk and decision making 
 Science of Dissemination and Implementation in Health annual conference | Conference Website | Research implementation and transformation 
 Social Computing, Behavioral-Cultural Modeling, & Prediction and Behavior Representation in Modeling and Simulation (SBP-BRiMS) annual international conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Society for Decision Making Under Deep Uncertainty (DMDU) annual workshop | Conference Website | Uncertainty, risk and decision making 
 Society for Human Ecology (SHE) conference | Conference Website | Interdisciplinarity, transdisciplinarity, sustainability science 
 Society for Implementation Research Collaboration (SIRC) biennial conference | href="https://societyforimplementationresearchcollaboration.org/conference-information/" - Conference Website | Research implementation and transformation 
 Society for Judgment and Decision Making (SJDM) annual conference | Conference Website | Uncertainty, risk and decision making 
 Society for Risk Analysis (SRA) annual meeting | Conference Website | Uncertainty, risk and decision making 
 Society for Risk Analysis (SRA) - Europe annual conference | Conference Website | Uncertainty, risk and decision making 
 Society of Policy Scientists annual institute | Conference Website | Research implementation and transformation 
 Sociocybernetics - Research Committee 51 (RC51) of the International Sociological Association (ISA), within the annual ISA international conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 System Dynamics Society (SDS) annual conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Systems of Systems Engineering (SoSE) annual international conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Theory of Modeling and Simulation (TMS) annual symposium | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Transformations conference | Conference Website | Research implementation and transformation 
 UK Knowledge Mobilisation Forum (UKKMbF) | Conference Website | Research implementation and transformation 
 UK Systems Society (UKSS) annual conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 User Modeling, Adaptation and Personalization (UMAP) annual conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 Winter Simulation Conference (WSC) annual conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 World Complexity Science Academy (WCSA) conference | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 World Organisation of Systems and Cybernetics (WOSC) triennial congress | Conference Website | Systems, modelling and simulation 
 ContactImprintPrivacy policy 
 ©2025

4. Website of ASOR_3: https://www.asor.org.au/index.php/14-asor-rising-star-award
Website information of ASOR_3:

ASORAustralian Society for Operations Research 
 Skip to content 
 Jump to main navigation and login 
 Nav view search 
 Navigation 
 href="http://asor.org.au/" - 
Font Size 
 Bigger.Reset.Smaller 
 Search 
 href="/index.php" - About ASOR | Office Bearers / Representatives 
 Affiliation 
 Membership 
 Social Media 
 Events and Services | href="/index.php/events/asor-conferences" - ASOR Conferences 
 Seminars 
 Awards and Medals | href="/index.php/award-medal/asor-ren-potts-award" - ASOR Ren Potts Award 
 Rising Star Award 
 ASOR Rising Star Award 
 Nominations for the ASOR Rising Star Award 2025 will open in the second half of 2025 
 The Australian Society for Operations Research (ASOR) has established an annual Rising Star Award (RSA). The objectives of RSA are to: 
 acknowledge and encourage promising early career researchers in Operations Research 
 help promote the advances to Operations Research due to early career researcher 
 improve the competitiveness of starting Operations Researchers in their career paths both in industry and academia 
 Researchers may be eligible to be nominated if they are: 
 a current ASOR member; 
 have been awarded a PhD within five years, or if they have submitted their PhD thesis and are awaiting examination; 
 have been making significant contributions to the field in an academic and/or professional sense. 
 Exceptions to the five year limit can be made to allow for significant interruptions to research development, for example, parental duties, illness or career change. 
 Nominations for the award can be made by any member of ASOR other than the nominee. Letters of nomination should discuss how the nominee satisfies the award criteria, should not exceed three A4 pages, and should be accompanied by the nominee’s list of publications and a brief CV. In addition, documented contributions to the practice of OR in industry (e.g., testimonials from end users as to the nominated candidate’s specific contributions, evidence of impact, etc) may also be attached. 
 The 2015 recipient of the RSA was Dr Hassan Hijazi from Data61/ANU, the 2016 recipient was Dr Sondoss El-Sawah from UNSW, the 2017 recipient was Dr Ali Eshragh, the 2018 recipient was Dr Sanjoy Paul, the 2019 recipient was Dr Zahra HosseiniFard, the 2020 recipient was Asghar Moeini, the 2022 recipient was Kyle Harrison, and the 2023 recipient was Mostafa Khatami. 
 Citations for Previous ASOR Rising Star Award Winners 
 Dr Mostafa Khatami - 2023 Recipient 
 Mostafa's core specialization is in Operations Management and Business Analytics, with expertise in econometrics, statistical learning, and algorithms, enabling them to contribute to several programs. Mostafa has already amassed a remarkable publication record in high-impact journals such as the European Journal of Operational Research, Computers & Operations Research, and The Journal of the Operational Research Society. In total, he is the author of 12 peer-reviewed journal articles, including two ranked A* in ABDC ranking, four A-ranked, and three B-ranked journal papers. Specifically, he extracted seven papers from his PhD thesis. As a highlight in his research works, he has been involved in a blood supply chain research project currently under revision at the prestigious Manufacturing and Service Operations Management, one of the flagship journals in Operations Research/Management Science (OR/MS). These publications underscore his expertise in scheduling, optimization, and operations research methodologies, demonstrating his capability to target top-ranked OR/MS journals in his future research career. Presently, Mostafa is a Lecturer in Business Analytics at the University of Wollongong (UOW), School of Business. 
 Dr Kyle Harrison - 2022 Recipient 
 Kyle Harrison received his PhD in Computer Science from the University of Pretoria, South Africa in 2018. Kyle is an internationally recognised researcher in the field of computational intelligence, with a primary focus on the development of meta-heuristic optimisation approaches for complex decision-making problems. Kyle has published over 30 research articles in top-tier journals and conferences, in addition to 3 book chapters, a co-edited book, and a public dataset. Kyle’s PhD research, entitled “An Analysis of Parameter Control Mechanisms for the Particle Swarm Optimization Algorithm” provided key findings and observations regarding the behaviours of self-adaptive PSO algorithms and led to three of Kyle’s top four most cited articles. In 2018, Kyle was involved in the novel formulation of a bi-objective variant of the critical node detection problem (BOCNDP). This research was published in the European Journal of Operational Research and has led to developments in the fields of cyber-physical systems, poultry production, critical post-disaster scenarios for complex systems, and communication networks, among others. During his Post-Doctoral Fellowship at Ontario Tech University, Canada in 2019, Kyle was involved in an applied industry project where he focused on the optimisation of hyper-parameters for machine learning models. These models were integrated into a smart pillow technology, Smart Nora, which can detect and prevent snoring in users. Smart Nora received the 2019 IEEE Toronto Technology Award. Between September 2019 and October 2022, Kyle was a Research Associate at UNSW Canberra developing of portfolio optimisation heuristics in collaboration with the Australian Department of Defence through the Defence Science and Technology Group (DSTG). The techniques developed through this research are planned to be used in the 2023 Force Structure Planning task and may be used to assist with major capital investment decisions regarding the implementation of capability projects. 
 Dr Asghar Moeini - 2020 Recipient 
 In 2012, Asghar was awarded a full scholarship to start his PhD majoring in Combinatorial Optimization under supervision of Prof. Jerzy filar at Flinders University. He developed the first mixed integer linear programming model for the travelling salesman problem designed for sparse graphs which exploits the graph structure to refine the feasible space. The excellence of his PhD has been recognised by several awards including a best paper award at the 2015 international conference of computers and industrial engineering (CIE 45) and the Vice-Chancellor's prize for doctoral thesis excellence, Flinders University, 2016. Asghar has over 20 publications in leading operations research journals and conferences. Since October 2019 Asghar has been with the ARC Training Centre for Transforming Maintenance through Data Science at Curtin University. 
 Dr Zahra HosseiniFard - 2019 Recipient 
 Zahra HosseiniFard obtained her PhD in Statistics and Operations Research from RMIT University. During her PhD research, she developed an innovative approach using neural network to monitor linear regression profiles for fault diagnosis as well as estimating the parameters of Burr XII distribution. She also developed techniques to evaluate process capability of linear and non-linear profiles. Zahra was awarded the International Postgraduate Research Scholarship and Australian postgraduate Awards (APA) to pursue her PhD at RMIT University. She was selected as a finalist in Anita Borg Memorial Australia & New Zealand in 2012. After graduation from PhD, Zahra has worked in both industry and academia. She used various operations research techniques such as simulation-optimisation, Markov decision process, queuing theory and integer programming to improve decision-makings in intensive care units (ICUs), blood supply chain and healthcare operations. Her research has been published in leading operations research/management journals, including Decision Sciences, Omega, Annuals of Operations Research and Computers & Operations Research. She holds anh-index of 10 and her research has been cited over 320 times by Nov 2019. She is currently a Lecturer of Operations Management in the Department of Management and Marketing at The University of Melbourne. 
 Dr Sanjoy Paul - 2018 Recipient 
 Dr Sanjoy Paul was a PhD student from 2012-2015 at UNSW in Canberra. His PhD topic wasManaging Disturbances in Supply Chain Systems, and for this work he was award theStephen Fester Prizefor the most outstanding thesis award by UNSW in 2015, as well as theHigh Impact Publications Awardin the same year. Sanjoy's research is applicable to real-life problems in supply chain risk management, and this has been demonstrated by the adoption of his work by a Pharmaceuticals company in Bangladesh. He has been contributing significantly in the area of managing sudden risk in supply chain systems and quantitative decision making, through publication, applied projects, and research community contributions as a prolific reviewer. He is one of the pioneer researchers on supply chain recovery models under sudden risk, and in total he has published 36 journal articles, a book chapter and seven refereed conference papers. These had attracted over 500 citations in total by late 2018. Sanjoy completed a postdoc position at RMIT, and he is currently a lecturer in the Business School at University of Technology Sydney. 
 Dr Ali Eshragh - 2017 Recipient 
 Dr Ali Eshragh received his Bachelor degree in industrial engineering at Sharif University of Technology as the top ranked student in 2001. He continued his graduate studies at Sharif University and completed his Master degree majoring in 'Statistical Modelling and Stochastic Optimization' in 2004. In 2008, Ali was awarded the prestigious scholarship Endeavour-IPRS to start his PhD majoring in Probabilistic Operations Research at the University of South Australia. During his PhD research, he developed novel random walk algorithms for the Hamiltonian cycle problem and analysed the underlying stochastic processes. Ali's PhD thesis was nominated as one of the three finalists for the SA-Science Excellence Awards in the category of ‘PhD Research Excellence – Physical Sciences, Mathematics and Engineering’ in 2011. For this, he was awarded an honourable mention by the South Australian Government. Following submission of his PhD thesis, he was appointed as a Postdoctoral Research Associate at The University of Adelaide. He worked on an ARC-funded research project in which he developed new statistical models to find an optimal experimental design of a continuous-time Markovian population model. In 2013, after successfully completing his postdoctoral research project, he was appointed as a Lecturer in Mathematical Sciences at the University of Adelaide. In 2014, Ali accepted a continuing lecturing position in the School of Mathematical and Physical Sciences, the University of Newcastle where he has just been promoted to senior lecturer. 
 Ali has a passion for both teaching and research. Recently, he was ranked second and highly commended for the ‘Teaching Excellence and Contribution to Student Learning – Team’ award by the Faculty of Science and Technology at The University of Newcastle. Ali publishes regularly in leading OR journals and actively collaborates with several outstanding national and international researchers including Catherine Greenhill from UNSW, Konstantin Avrachenkov from INRIA in France, Martin Dyer from the University of Leeds in UK and Michael Mahoney from the University of California-Berkeley in the US. Ali has been involved in several national and international industrial projects since 2000. More recently, in 2014, he has been invited as a Chief Investigator in the successful ARC Industrial Transformation Training Centre on Food and Beverage Supply Chain Optimisation with the total value of $2,119,872. Currently, he is running a demand forecasting project with the Sanitarium Health and Wellbeing Company and a cheese supply chain-logistics project with CSIRO 
 Dr Sondoss Elsawah - 2016 Recipient 
 Sondoss Elsawah has had an academic career and passionate interest in OR which has progressed through a BSc, MSc and PhDin OR and Decision Science. Her PhD was recognized by the Australian Water Association (AWA) Award for best postgraduate water research. Sondoss' research focuses on the development of multi-method OR methodologies, and the application of these methodologies in new decision contexts where the potential of OR has not been fully exploited yet. For example, in her postdoc at the ANU, Sondoss has expanded on her PhD work in an ARC-funded project to develop a multi-method OR methodology which combines the use of cognitive mapping, software engineering tools, and agent-based modelling to incorporate stakeholder's views into planning water and groundwater systems. Sondoss was invited to present this work at a number of national events, such as the keynote speech at the National Centre for Groundwater Research and Training Summer School. In her current post at the Capability Systems Centre at UNSW Canberra, Sondoss' work involves the integration of multiple modelling methods to provide robust, client-oriented decision support tools, and conducting experimental studies to examine ways to improve model-based learning and teaching. Sondoss is a chief investigator in an international research grant by the US National Science Foundation (NSF) to identify core modelling practices to teach the next generation of modellers. Sondoss teaches various courses that are related to OR, such as simulation-based modelling, systems thinking, and system dynamics modelling. She has delivered training courses on systems thinking and complex problem solving for organisations such as the Australian Department of Defence. Since 2015, Sondoss has been a member of the executive committee of the ASOR-ACT Chapter. Sondoss introduced the ASOR-ACT Chapter Student Award, an annual tradition to promote research excellence in OR and provide a forum for students to share their research projects. She is a member of the executive committee of the Australian/NZ Modelling and Simulation Society (MSSANZ). Sondoss plays an active role in organizing MODSIM, including leading conference streams, managing conference finance, and registration. 
 Contact ASOR: info@asor.org.auhref="http://www.linkedin.com/groups/Australian-Society-Operations-Research-4473262" -

