Conference IEEE Conference on Computational Complexity (CCC):

Thehref="general.php" - Computational Complexity Conference (CCC)
is an annual conference on the inherent difficulty of computational problems in terms of the resources they require. It is organized by theComputational Complexity Foundation (CCF). 
 href="" - CCC 2025
 
 August 5–8, Toronto, Canada 
 href="Archive/2025/cfp.html" - Call for Papers
 
 href="" - CCC 2024
 
 July 22–25, Ann Arbor, MI, USA 
 href="Archive/2024/cfp.php" - Call for Papers
|Program|Local Arrangements|href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CCC.2024" - Proceedings
 
 href="" - CCC 2023
 
 July 17–20, Warwick, UK 
 href="Archive/2023/cfp.php" - Call for Papers
|Program|Local Arrangements|href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CCC.2023" - Proceedings
 
 href="" - CCC 2022
 
 July 20–23, Philadelphia, PA, USA 
 href="Archive/2022/cfp.php" - Call for Papers
|Program|Local Arrangements|Videos|Proceedings 
 Future and Past Conferences 
 Announcements 
 The chair of CCC 2026 will beDana Moshkovitz. 
 CCC 2024href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.CCC.2024" - proceedings
are now available. 
 Thedetailed programfor CCC 2024 is now available. 
 The local arrangements page for CCC 2024 is now live and registration information is available. The early registration deadline is June 30. 
 About the conference 
 Governance 
 Organized by: 
 In Cooperation with: 

Call for Papers information:
CCC'25: Call for Papers 
 Submission Deadline: Friday, February 7, 2025 23:59 AoE 
 Scope 
 The conference seeks original research papers in all areas of computational complexity theory, studying the absolute and relative power of computational models under resource constraints. We welcome contributions from all topics with connections to or motivated by questions in complexity theory, broadly construed. We especially encourage submissions that address complexity-theoretic issues in complexity-adjacent areas such as coding theory, cryptography, game theory, learning, logic and privacy. Possible topics include but are not limited to: 
  
 Complexity classes 
 Reducibility and completeness 
 Circuit complexity 
 Communication complexity 
 Algebraic complexity 
 Proof complexity 
 Complexity in other concrete computational models 
 Interactive and probabilistic proof systems 
 Logic and descriptive complexity 
 Pseudorandomness and derandomization 
 Average case complexity 
 Quantum computation 
 Parametrized complexity 
 Fine-grained complexity 
 Complexity-theoretic aspects of: | coding theory 
 cryptography 
 optimization (including inapproximability continuous optimization) 
 property testing 
 streaming and sublinear computation 
 distributed computation 
 game theory 
 machine learning 
 privacy 
 Submission 
 Deadlines:Papers must be submitted electronically via submission serverhref="https://ccc2025.hotcrp.com/" - here
, and received byFriday, February 7, 2025 23:59 AoE. Notification of acceptance will be sent byFriday May 2, 2025, and final camera-ready copies of accepted papers will be dueend of May, 2025. 
 Format:Submissions should start with a title page consisting of the title of the paper and an abstract of 1-2 paragraphs summarizing the paper's contributions. A submission must contain within its first 10 pages a clear presentation of the merits of the paper, including discussion of its importance, prior work, and an outline of key technical ideas and methods used to achieve the main claims (similar to the content of a brief oral presentation). There is no bound on the total length of a submission, but material other than the abstract, references, and the first 10 pages is considered as supplementary and will be read at the committee's discretion. 
 Submissions should include proofs of all central claims.The submission should be in single-column format, use at least 11-point font, at least 1-inch margins, and at least single-spacing between lines. Submissions deviating significantly from these guidelines risk rejection without consideration of their merits. Instructions for formatting camera-ready versions will be communicated to the authors of accepted papers. 
 The conference will employ a lightweight double-blind reviewing process.Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. In particular, authors’ names affiliations, and email addresses should not appear at the beginning or in the body of the submission. (Author and institution information will be uploaded separately on the submission site.) The purpose of this double-blind process is to help PC members and external reviewers come to a judgment about the paper without unconscious bias, and is not intended to make it impossible for them to discover who the authors are. Nothing should be done in the name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing the paper more difficult. In particular, important references should not be omitted or anonymized. In addition, authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may (and are in fact encouraged to) post their papers to arXiv/ECCC/IACR etc. 
 Additional remarks:In addition to the submission authors may optionally send a short email to the program committee (PC) chair athref="mailto:ccc2025chair@gmail.com" - ccc2025chair@gmail.com
containing any additional remarks for the PC, such as the relationship with independent/concurrent work, differences from prior versions, conflict of interest statements, or clarifications concerning prior reviews of the work. Submissions involving PC members are not allowed. 
 Conflict of interest:We expect PC members and reviewers to recuse themselves from the evaluation of any submission, if they would not be able to give an objective opinion due to some conflict of interest (COI). Some examples why a COI may arise are being a thesis advisor, being an immediate family member or close friend, sharing a recent institutional affiliation or being a close collaborator. Any author may write to the PC chair athref="mailto:ccc2025chair@gmail.com" - ccc2025chair@gmail.com
if there is a COI that may not be covered by the above measure, such as significant interactions that would suggest the inability to assess a paper objectively. They need only give the names and affiliations of the people with whom a COI exists; no explanation is required. The COI will be held in confidence by the PC chair. 
 Simultaneous submission policy:Material which has been previously published in a journal or another conference proceedings, or which is scheduled for publication prior to September 2025, will not be considered for acceptance. Simultaneous submission of the same or essentially the same material to another conference with published proceedings is not allowed. 
 Confidentiality:All submissions will be treated as confidential, and will only be disclosed to the committee and their chosen sub-referees. 
 Publication 
 Online posting:Authors are encouraged to post full versions of their submissions in a freely accessible on-line repository such as thehref="http://eccc.hpi-web.de/eccc" - Electronic
              Colloquium on Computational Complexity
or thearXiv. It is hoped that authors of accepted papers will make full versions of their papers publicly available by the camera-ready deadline. 
 Proceedings:The conference proceedings will be published under aCreative CommonsBY license in theLeibniz International Proceedings in Informatics(LIPIcs) series. Publication in the conference proceedings does not preclude subsequent journal publication. 
 Presentation:Authors of accepted papers are expected to present their work at the conference. The program committee will determine time allocations for presentations (between 15 and 45 minutes). 
 Awards 
 EATCS Luca Trevisan award for the CCC best student paper:This award will be given to the best paper written solely by one or more students as judged by the program committee. A paper is eligible if all authors are full-time students on the day of the submission deadline. Authors should indicate their eligibility by using the check-box for this on the submissions page. The program committee may decline to make the award or may split it among several papers. Funding for the best student paper award is provided byEATCS. 
 Best paper award:This award will be given to the best paper submitted to the conference as judged by the program committee. The program committee may decline to make the award or may split it among two or more papers.Full versions of the papers chosen by the program committee to receive the best paper award will be invited for submission to theJournal of the ACM. 
 Special journal issue:The program committee will invite full versions of a select number of conference submissions to a special issue of the journalComputational Complexity. 
 Conference Information 
 Dates and location:The conference will be heldfrom Tuesday, August 5 to Friday, August 8, 2025in Toronto, Canada. The details of the conference format will be posted in due course. 
 Travel allowances:In order to defray the costs of attending the conference, travel allowances will be offered to students and post-doctoral fellows. More information will be made available on the conference webpage in due time. 
 Visas:A visa for Canada may be needed for attending the conference, e.g., for citizens of China, India, and Russia. See thevisa website of the Canadian governmentfor the exact rules for short-term stay visas. If a visa is needed, please get in touch with your local Canadian consulate as soon as possible; the whole process may take several months. Feel free to contact the local arrangements committee if you need a letter to obtain your visa. 
 Code of conduct:CCC 2025 is a participant in theSafeTOC initiative. The open exchange of ideas and the freedom of thought and expression are central to the aims and goals of CCC. These require an environment that recognizes every person and group's inherent worth; fosters dignity, understanding, and mutual respect; and embraces diversity. The CCC'25 organizers are committed to providing an environment free of discrimination and harassment and expect all participants to honor that commitment. 
 Program Committee 
 Paul Beame | , University of Washington 
 href="https://www.cs.utexas.edu/people/faculty-researchers/anna-gal" - Anna Gál | , University of Teas at Austin 
 Sumegha Garg | , Rutgers University 
 Joshua Grochow | , University of Colorado Boulder 
 href="https://researchmap.jp/shuichi.hirahara/" - Shuichi
                Hirahara | , National Institute of Informatics 
 Holger Dell | , Goethe-Universität Frankfurt and IT University of Copenhagen 
 Igor Carboni Oliveira | , University of Warwick 
 Amir Shpilka | , Tel Aviv University 
 Makrand Sinha | , University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign 
 href="https://di.ku.dk/english/staff/vip/researchers_ac/?pure=en/persons/792011" - Srikanth Srinivasan | (Chair), University of Copenhagen and IIT Bombay 
 Avishay Tal | , University of California Berkeley 
 Madhur Tulsiani | , Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago 
 Local Arrangements Committee 
 Swastik Kopparty | (Chair), University of Toronto 
 Benjamin Rossman | , Duke University 
 Board of Trustees 
 Amit Chakrabarti | , Dartmouth College 
 Mahdi Cheraghchi | , University of Michigan 
 Valentine Kabanets | , Simon Fraser University 
 Antonina Kolokolova | , Memorial University of Newfoundland 
 Nutan Limaye | , IT-University of Copenhagen 
 Shachar Lovett | (President), University of California San Diego 
 Raghu Meka | , University of California Los Angeles 
 Susanna de Rezende | , Lund University 
 Benjamin Rossman | , Duke University 
 Shubhangi Saraf | , University of Toronto 
 Questions? 
 Please contacthref="mailto:ccc2025chair@gmail.com" - Srikanth
              Srinivasan
. 
 [Last modified: December 10, 2024 20:40:31]