Conference full name: IEEE International Conference on Cloud Computing in Emerging Markets (CCEM)

1. Website of CCEM_3: https://2024.pcw.ieeeccem.org/
Website information of CCEM_3:

IEEE websites place cookies on your device to give you the best user experience. By using our websites, you agree to the placement of these cookies. To learn more, read ourPrivacy Policy.Accept & Close 
 IEEE CCEM 2024 
 PRE CONFERENCE WORKSHOP 
 A Prelude to the 13th IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON CLOUD COMPUTING IN EMERGING MARKETS 
 16th March 2024 atAmrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru Campus 

href="https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?button_hashtag=IEEECCEM&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw" - Tweet #IEEECCEM 

HOME 
 PCW PROGRAM 
 href="#cfp" - CALL FOR PAPERS 
 REGISTRATIONS 
 PROGRAM COMMITTEE 
 MENTORS 
 CCEM Overview 
 Conference Scope 
 The ThirteenthIEEE International Conference on Cloud Computing in Emerging Markets (CCEM)continues the highly successful CCEM conference series which was originally launched in 2012. 
 Cloud computing has emerged as a dominant and transformational paradigm in information technology over the last few years and is beginning to effect a multitude of industries such as government, finance, telecommunications education, retail, energy and utilities, and transportation. Research in this field has become very active and spans a number of areas including virtualization, networking, storage security, management of cloud services, efficient cloud architectures, massive multi-tenancy, and design of cloud applications and services. Cloud computing continues to be the way of the future and many studies indicate that more than 50% of all information technology will be in this new paradigm within the next five to ten years. This transformation has great implications for emerging markets which have the potential to leap frog mature markets in their adoption of cloud computing, combine cloud computing and mobile technologies to introduce unique services that can transform the lives of billions, drive a much larger scale of adoption and challenge existing price points, while presenting unique challenges in areas such as security and user interfaces to cloud computing. 
 The goal 
 This research driven innovation conference has established itself as a unique conference that combines top notch peer-reviewed research papers (acceptance rate less than 10%), invited talks from renowned industry and government leaders, posters and demos showcasing latest innovations, a startup showcase highlighting the vibrant and fast growing business ecosystem around cloud, tutorials on cutting edge topics, and a doctoral symposium featuring some of the deep research topics being pursued by academic leaders. 
 Conference Format 
 The conference will be a Three-day event that spans invited talks, peer reviewed paper presentations tutorials,technology showcase followed by panel discussion. 
 Topics of Interest 
 We invite both paper and demo submissions on relevant topics, including but not limited to: 
 Design of Cloud Computing services, especially for emerging markets – infrastructure, platform, database software, network, storage, e-governance, and business process 
 Utilizing/enhancing the Cloud for Big data & Predictive analytics 
 Social & Mobile computing advances leveraging the Cloud 
 Internet of Things enabled by Cloud, Big Data & AI 
 Big Data Analytics & AI driven predictive computing 
 Intersection of Cloud with Cognitive Computing and Artificial Intelligence 
 Deep Learning in Cloud Environments 
 Conversational AI & Multimodal Interactions 
 AI Infused Automation 
 Advances in virtualization of hardware & software services, Cloud Networking 
 Security, privacy, governance, and compliance management in cloud 
 DevOps, Monitoring, management, & maintenance in Cloud Computing environments 
 Performance optimization in Hybrid Cloud Environments 
 Cloud Computing Solutions for different Industries & verticals 
 Legal Aspects & Service Level Agreements in Cloud Computing & Data Privacy 
 Important Dates for Pre Conference Workshop - 2024 
 16th March 2024 
 IEEE CCEM Pre Conference Workshop 2024 

IEEE CCEM 2024 
 IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON CLOUD COMPUTING IN EMERGING MARKETS 
 IEEE CCEM Pre-Conference Workshop-2024 
 Hosted from Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru Campus 
  
 Schedule of the event – March 16, 2024Venue: Sudhamani Hall 
 9:30 AM IST | Prayer & Lighting the Lamp 
 9:40 AM IST | Welcome address 
 Prof. Shekar Babu.Associate Dean, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham , Mysuru 
 9:50 AM IST | Overview of PCW CCEM 
 Dr. Mohan T S,Director & Founder at Pragyan Datalabs , Bengaluru 
 10:00 AM IST | Keynote Address- I 
 Use of Predictive Analytics in Health Care 
 Dr. Mahesh Rao,CEO , Aashaya Design Solutions, Mysuru 
 10:45 AM IST | Tea Break 
 11:00 AM IST | Keynote Address – II 
 GenAI Introduction with WatsonX 
 Mr. Gurvinder SinghSenior Solutions Architect, IBM,Mr. Yatin GawdeSenior Architect, Accenture 
 11:40 AM IST | Keynote Address- III 
 The overlay of AI-IoT-EV: Gateway to Amazing Possibilities 
 Dr. Ravichandra Kulkarni,Dean Research, MIT Mysore & Chair , IEEE Mysuru Subsection 
 12:15 PM IST | Keynote Address – IV 
 NextGen Social Impact with IEEE Sustainable Development Platform 
 Mr. Kiran Puthukudy,Chief Architect & DevOps Leader, CYAAG Technologies, 
 1:00 PM IST | Lunch Break 
 2:00 PM IST | Keynote Address- V 
 Mr. Srinivasa Varadarajan ,CEO & Founder , Vigyan Data Labs, Mysuru 
 2:40 PM IST | Keynote Address- VI 
 Mr. Sivakumar Dakshinamoorthy ,AI Security Researcher and Head, Lenovo, India, 
 3:30 PM IST | Tea Break 
 3:45 PM IST | Keynote Address- VII 
 Cloud Native Developent with Red Hat Open Shift 
 Mr Ramaksrishna Reddy ,Principal Architect , RedHat,Ms,. Barnali Bhattacharya,Senior Architect , Accenture 
 4:30 PM IST | Keynote Address- VIII 
 AI and Job 
 Dr. Sheela Siddappa,Director, Kyndryl India 
 5.10 PM IST | Award Ceremony with closing note of the Conference 

Invited Speakers 
 Speakers List Coming Soon!! 

href="#awards-winners" - 2019 IEEE CCEM Award
                                                Winners 
 href="#ccem-gallery" - 2019 Event Gallery 
 IEEE CCEM 2022 Pre Conference Workshop Award winners 
  
 1. CCEM 2022 - Best Proposal - Early Stage Research Paper Submissions 
 Aiswarya Sriram, Advithi Nair, Alka Simon, Subramaniam Kalambur and Dinkar Sitaram 
  
 2. CCEM 2022 - Best Proposal - TechnoBizPlan Showcase Submission 
 Roshan Wathore, Sijoy Joseph and A Vaidyanathan 
  
 3. CCEM 2022 - Best Student Project Showcase 
 Thrivikraman V, Animesh N D and Taran Singhania 
  
 CCEM 2019 Gallery 
 href="#ccem_gallery" - Previous
href="#ccem_gallery" - Next

Pre Conference Workshop 
 href="#overview" - PCW 2024 Call for Submissions 
 href="http://2022.ieeeccem.org" - 2022
                                                IEEE CCEM 
 href="http://ieeeccem.org" - List
                                                of previous events 
 IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON CLOUD COMPUTING IN EMERGING MARKETS 
 IEEE CCEM Pre-Conference Workshop-2024 
 A Prelude to the IEEE CCEM 2024 Conference & a followup of IEEE CCEM 2023 
 Call for Ideas in Research Track and Student Project Showcase and Technobiz Project showcase 
 Overview 
 This highly focused virtual pre-conference workshop of the 2024 IEEE CCEM is targeted at mentoring authors planning to submit in any of the following three tracks of the prestigious IEEE CCEM main conference, which is now in its Thirteenth year. 
 Track 1: Technical Ideas (Early Research Papers) 
 Track 2: Student Proof-of-Concept projects and TechnoBizPlan Showcase Ideas 
 By submitting early versions of their ideas/proposals for any of these three tracks, participants get an opportunity to present their early ideas and obtain professional feedback and mentoring individually, helping them make a successful submission to the main CCEM conference. Hence, we encourage submissions for innovative cloud-based solutions addressing emerging market problems focused on utilizing/enhancing Cloud, IoT, machine learning, analytics, and furthering progress towards the sustainable development goals of the United Nations. Certificates and cash prizes will be awarded to the most innovative proposals in each of the aforementioned three tracks.s 
 The workshop itself will have two concurrent sessions spanning the three tracks: 
 Session A:Invited talks by eminent technologists & academics from organisations such as IBM, Nutanix, AWS, Openstream, RedHat and academic institutions on the theme of the conference. 
 Session B:Presentations by the authors of 'Early Research Paper, Student- Project-Showcase, and TechnoBizPlan-Showcase. 
 The participants will have to attend Session A while awaiting their turn to present their ideas to the Professional Mentors in Session B. The proposal has to be three A4 size pages maximum, strictly adhering to the given template. Confidential aspects of any proposal are not encouraged, discussed or shared. 
 Call for Ideas in Research Track(Early Research Papers) 
 The Early Research Papers submissions focus on building-up researchable ideas and innovations leading to breakthrough results that have not yet been professionally published. These submissions are discussed and mentored into either short research papers focused on a solitary idea in its entirety or into a full research paper. 
 Call for Student Project Showcase and Techno-Business Plans Showcase 
 TheStudent-Project-Showcaseoffers an opportunity for undergraduate and graduate students to come up with an impactful solution to the emerging-markets' problem-statements, which are also part of their academic-degree-requirements. With further mentoring, these ideas can convert into a full research paper. 
 TheTechnoBiz-Plan Showcaseenables Students, Professionals, Start-Ups Established companies & Academia to demonstrate cutting-edge capabilities and ideas metamorphosing in the world of product and service offerings. The select proposals would get a chance to present it to the audience during the event. 
 IEEE CCEM PreConference Workshop Proposals Template – Early Stage Research Paper Submissions 
  
 IEEE CCEM PreConference Workshop Proposals for Early Research Paper Template : 3 Pages | IEEE CCEM PreConference Workshop Proposals for Student Project and TechnoBizPlan Showcase Template : 3 Pages | TOPICS: Emerging Market Challenges utilizing Cloud/ Big data/Deep Learning/IoT including, but not limited to: 
 Title (One Line only) & Author Names with, Email Ids, Mobile & Company/College Name | Title (One Line only) & Author Names with, Email Ids, Mobile & Company/College Name | Affordable Healthcare & Ayushman Bharath: Eco-systems, Devices Management, e-Health Data 
 Overview: 100 words – Two Paragraphs | Executive Summary: 100 words – Two Paragraphs | Swacch Bharat: Clean & Green Environments 
 Technical Innovations to be presented – 5 Bullet Points | Tech Innovations to be used in BizPlan – 5 Bullet Points | Leveraging IndiaStack & digital payment solutions 
 Early Stage Ideas with Proof of Concept Framework / Demo with Diagrams: 1 Page | Offerings: Tech-Proof of Concept Framework / Demo with Diagrams: 1 Page | Smart cities - Intelligent management of Resources Transportation, Energy & Services 
 Theory Framework & Modeling & Experimentations: 250 Words | Four Paragraphs with data on: 1) Core Value Proposition 2) Market Analysis & Sizing 3) Competitive Landscape 4) Financial Projections | Affordable Security and Privacy of data in the cloud, sensor networks and IoT 
 Conclusions & Validation of Claims: 60 words + References used | Conclusions & Validation of Claims: 60 words + References used | Intelligent Automation of IT Systems & Processes 
  
 All proposals will have to be submitted using the following link 
 href="https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/IEEECCEMPCW2024" - Submit using
                                            Microsoft CMT
for Pre Conference WorkshopThe following is the timeline schedule for this workshop: 
 Proposals Submissions Deadline: 
 Pre-Conference Workshop: 
 Mentors of IEEE CCEM PCW 2022: 
 Dr. T. S. Mohan,Pragyan Datalabs Bengaluru 
 Dr. Gopal Pingali,Accenture 
 Prof. D. Janakiram,Institute for Development and Research in Banking Technology (IDRBT) 
 Dr. Sreekrishnan Venkiteswaran,Kyndryl India 
 Raj Tumuluri,OpenStream, USA 
 Dr. Sanjay Chitnis,RV University 
 Dr. K.V. Subramaniam,AMD 
 Rambabu Parvatina,IBM, Singapore 
 Dr. M Subramanya Sarma,Mindtree 
 Sridhar Chitaraju,Kyndryl 
 Dr.Mydhili K Nair,Professor, RV University 
 Dr Sekhar Babu,Amrita University 
 Balu Masti,Co-Founder HUM Consulting Services & Ex Intel 
 Dr. Sridhar Domnal,Cloud Consultant at Accenture 
 Gopalakrishnan Balasubramanian,Program Director, Kyndryl 
 Dr. Sougata Mukherjea,IIT, Delhi. 
 Dr. Rajath Vasudevamurthy,B. M. S. College of Engineering 
 Dr. Peter,Program Director, Reliance Jio 
 Dr. Abhishek Kumar,Senior Member IEEE ,IEEE Brand Ambassador 
 Prof. P Radha Krishna,National Institute of Technology, Warangal 
 Dr.-Ing. habil. Josef Spillner,ZHAW School of Engineering Switzerland 
 Prof. Takayuki Kushida,School of Computer Science, Tokyo University of Technology, Japan 
 Dr. Manish Gupta,Kyndryl 
  
 REGISTRATIONS 
 Registrations Details will be announced shortly!CCEM 2024 Organizing Committee 
 CCEM 2024 Steering Committee 
 Dr. Gopal Pingali, | MD & Global Hybrid Cloud Leader, Accenture 
 Dr. T.S. Mohan, | Pragyan Datalabs 
 Dr. Sreekrishnan Venkateswaran, | Kyndryl 
 Raj Tumuluri, | Openstream, USA 
 CCEM 2024 General Chairs 
 Dr. K V Subramaniam, | AMD 
 Prof. Shekar Babu, | Associate Dean, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru. 
 Prof. H. Raghav Rao, | AT&T Distinguished Chair in Infrastructure Assurance and Security, University of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA) 
 Prof. Ram Ramesh | Professor, SUNY at Buffalo, NY,USA 
 Technical Program Committee Chairs 
 Dr. Maja Vuković, | IBM Fellow,New York US 
 Dr. Josef Spillner, | Zhaw School of Engineering, Switzerland 
 Dr. Takayuki Kushida, | School of Computer Science, Tokyo University of Technology, Japan 
 Dr. Priya Govindarajan, | Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Industry Liaison Chair 
 Sri Chandra, | IEEE 
 Academic Liaison Chairs 
 Dr. Pethuru Raj, | RJIL 
 Sudhakar Nagaraja, | Kyndryl 
 TechnoBizplan showcase Chair 
 Prof. Shekar Babu, | Associate Dean, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Dr. Mahesh R | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Student Project Showcase Chairs 
 Dr.Mydhili Nair, | Professor, RV University, Bengaluru. 
 Mr. Akshay S | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Dr. Subrahmanya Sarma, | Infosys. 
 Prof Sudarshan, | PES South Campus 
 Tutorials Chairs 
 Dr. K V Subramaniam, | AMD 
 Publications Chair 
 Dr. Shridhar Domanal 
 Dr. N. Shobarani | Associate Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Dr. Narendran S M | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Keynote Speaker Chair 
 Dr. Sanjay Chitnis | RV University 
 Prof. Raghu Rao 
 Program Management Committee 
 Dr. Manohar N | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Arunraj Gopalsamy, | Associate Director, Kyndryl 
 Vijayalakshmi Govindaraj, | Kyndryl 
 Prabha Sasikanth, | Kyndryl 
 IEEE Liaison Chairs 
 Dr. Abhishek Appaji, | IEEE 
 Finance Chair 
 Ravi Shankar C | Kyndryl 
 Mr. Sudharshan Duth P | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Media and Creative Design 
 Dr. Ramya K Prasad | Associate Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Mr. Suraj R Shankar | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Madhumita Phukan, | Tech Mahindra 
 Rajakumar Munusamy, | Concentrix 
 Venue & Accommodation Committee 
 Mr. Uday M, Assistant Professor | Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham 
 Technical Program Committee 
 Dr. Satish Narayana Srirama, | PhD School of Computer and Information Sciences, University of Hyderabad,India. 
 Dr. G. R. Gangadharan, | M.S., Ph.D. Senior Member IEEE & ACM Associate Professor, Dept. of Computer Applications, National Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli, India 
 Dr. Ernesto DamianiDirector, | Khalifa University Center for Cyber Physical Systems (C2PS), Professor, Director of Information Security Center, Electrical and Computer Engineering & EBTIC 
 Dr. Madhu Govindaraju, | Professor, Department of Computer Science Vice Provost - International Education and Global Affairs (IEGA) Binghamton University, SUNY, NY 
 Dr. Matthew Forshaw, | Senior Lecturer in Data Science and National Skills Lead to The Alan Turing Institute, School of Computing Urban Sciences Building, Newcastle University, UK 
 Dr. Yogesh Simmhan, | Associate Professor, Department of Computational and Data Sciences Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bengaluru. 
 Dr. Byungchul Tak, | PhD Associate Dean, College of IT, Kyungpook National University, Daegu, Korea 
 Dr. J. Lakshmi, | Chief Research Scientist, Cloud Systems Lab Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bengaluru. 
 Dr. Josef Spillner, | Zhaw School of Engineering, Switzerland 
 Dr. Tak Kushida, | Director of Cloud and Distributed Systems Lab Tokyo University of Technology, Japan 
 Dr. Deepak P Chandrashekar, | Soroco India Pvt. Ltd, Bengaluru 
 Dr. Shridhar Domanal, | Accenture 
 Dr. Pravati Swain, | Faculty of Computer Science, NIT Goa, India 
 Dr. Anandha Gopalan, | Principal Teaching Fellow, Department of Computing, Imperial College London, UK 
 Dr. Nandini Sidnal, | Faculty of Computer Science, Melbourne Institute of Technology, Sydney, Australia 
 Dr. G. Rammohan Reddy, | Professor at NIT Surathkal 
 Mohan Parthasarathy, | Distinguished Technologist, HPE 
 Dr Pankaj Saha, | Senior Member of Technical Staff in Oracle, USA. 
 Dr Claudio Aragna, | University of Milan 
 Dr. Rajath Vasudevamurthy, | Assistant Professor, B. M. S. College of Engineering, Bengaluru. 
 Prakash Raghavendra, | Fellow at AMD, Bengalurus 
 Dr. Dinkar Sitaram, | Professor, Head Center for Cloud Computing and Big Data, PES University, Bengaluru. 
 Academic liaison committee 
 Dr. Juliet Rozario, | Professor at Nehru Arts and Science College, Coimbatore. 
 Mr. Adwitiya Mukhopadhyay, | Assistant Professor, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Dr. Savitha Murthy, | Post Doctoral Researcher, IISc 
 Dr. Shyam Murthy, | Post Doctoral Researcher, IISc 
 Dr. Chandrajit, | Associate Professor, MIT Mysuru 
 Dr. Balakrishnan R, | Assistant Professor, SASTRA Deemed University 
 Dr. Rajesh Kumar N, | Assistant Professor, SASTRA Deemed University 
 Mr. Susheel Suresh, | Applied Scientist, Microsoft Copilot AI 
 Mr. Munniyandi Perumal, | Associate Director, Kyndryl 
 Dr. Kannan M, | Assistant Professor, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham 
 Dr. Pallavi Joshi, | Assistant Professor, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham 
 Prafullata Auradkar, | Associate Professor, PES University 
 Mr. Santhosh kumar Bethi, | Senior software engineer , T-mobile 
 Dr. Ghanshyam Singh, | Assistant Professor , Poornima College of Engineering Jaipur 
 Dr. Krishnachalitha.K.C, | Assistant Professor, Alliance College of Engineering & Design (ACED), Alliance University, Bangalore. 
 Dr. Sheela.K, | Assistant Professor , St. Anne's Arts and Science College 

Conference Schedule - 12th December 2022 (Day 1) 
 01.00 PM – 05.30 PM CET (5.30 PM to 10.00 PM IST) 
  
 Session I 
 01.00 PM CET – 03.00 PM CET (5.30 PM IST to 07.30 PM IST) 
 Session Chair:Dr. K V Subramaniam 
 01.00 PM - 01.30 PM CET | 05.30 PM - 06.00 PM IST | Inaugural Keynote by Sri. Krishnan S, IAS. 
 Additional Chief Secretary to the Government, Tamil Nadu 
 01.30 PM - 02.00 PM CET | 06.00 PM - 06.30 PM IST | Welcome, Virtual Lamp Lighting, Overview of the 11th CCEM. 
 02.00 PM - 03.00 PM CET | 06.30 PM - 07.30 PM IST | Research Full Papers presentations - 3 Papers 
 "Remote Proctoring System Using Video, Audio and System Scenario Analysis" | By Anisha Ghosh, Anupama Nhavalore, Nihal Ramaswamy, Tushar Shetty, Phalachandra H.L and Prafullata Auradkar. 
 "A Dense Layer Stacked CMT-DenseNet Fusion Model for COVID Detection" | By Shivani Toshniwal, M Srinivas and P Radha Krishna. 
 "Detection of CyberBullying on Social Media -Code Mixed Data" | By Kavisha Mathur, Krishna Mehta and Keerthana Shivakumar. 
 03.00 PM - 03.30 PM CET | 07.30 PM - 08.00 PM IST | Break & Networking 
 Session II 
 03.30 PM CET – 05.30 PM CET (08.00 PM IST - 10.00 PM IST) 
 Session Chair:Dr.-Ing. habil. Josef Spillner 
 03.30 PM - 04.00 PM CET | 08.00 PM - 08.30 PM IST | Short Paper presentations - 1 papers 
 OSCAIR: OS-level System Call Dataset for Attack Identity Resolution in Containers | By Sachin Shankar, Divya Shekar, Krithika Ragothaman, Suhas Thalanki and Subramaniam Kalambur. 
 04.00 PM - 04.30 PM CET | 08.30 PM - 09.00 PM IST | Keynote 2 
 "Chaos Engineering to Optimize Cloud Architectures" by Mr. Mahesh Venkataraman, Managing Director , Accenture 
 04.30 PM - 05.25 PM CET | 09.00 PM - 09.55 PM IST | Tutorial 1 
 'Cross-Cloud Services' by Mr. Vittorio Viarengo, Vice President VMware, USA 
 05.25 PM - 05.30 PM CET | 09.55 PM - 10.00 PM IST | Concluding Remarks for Day 1 

Conference Schedule - 13th December 2022 (Day 2) 
 01.00 PM – 05.30 PM CET (5.30 PM to 10.00 PM IST) 
  
 Session I 
 01.00 PM CET – 02.50 PM CET (5.30 PM IST to 07.20 PM IST) 
 Session Chair:Dr. Mydhili K Nair 
 01.00 PM - 01.30 PM CET | 05.30 PM - 06.00 PM IST | Keynote 3: "The Work Before Us" 
 By Mr. Gokulmuthu Narayanaswamy, Director, Itron 
 01.30 PM - 02.30 PM CET | 06.00 PM - 07.00 PM IST | Research Short Papers - 5 Papers 
 Performance Analysis of Big Data Motifs on Large Core Machines | By Kunal Bhat, Kartika Nair, Nihal Shetty, Yashaswini Nagarajan and Subramaniam Kalambur 
 Performance Comparison of Virtualization Methods | By Anushka Hebbar, Shree Thavarekere, Anusha Kabber Shruvi D and Subramaniam Kalambur 
 Static and Dynamic Analysis of Clop Ransomware | By Karan Bhat Sumbly, Pradyuman K Kannan, Likhitha A Aralimara and Prof. Sushma E 
 Novel Hybrid Encryption Algorithm and its Application in Text and Image Encryption | By Shravani Shete, Devashree Kataria and Vijayasherly V. 
 An Integrated Framework For Evaluating Towards Cloud Adoption | By Prasanna N Balasooriya L, Santoso Wibowo, Marilyn Wells and Steven Gordon 
 02.30 PM - 02.50 PM CET | 07.00 PM - 07.20 PM IST | Research Full Paper presentation - 1 Paper 
 Optimising resource allocation in a power and cost-aware multi-cloud environment using Multi-Objective Antlion Optimisation algorithm | By Prithvi Anil Kumar, Spandan Sar, Surya Raj Varun Mk, Phalachandra Hl and Prafullata K Auradkar. 
 02.50 PM - 03.20 PM CET | 07.20 PM - 07.50 PM IST | Break & Networking 
 Session II 
 03.20 PM CET – 05.30 PM CET (07.50 PM IST - 10.00 PM IST) 
 Session Chairs:Dr. Sreekrishnan Venkiteswaran & Dr. Sanjay Chitnis 
 03.20 PM - 03.50 PM CET | 07.50 PM - 08.20 PM IST | Keynote 4: "Designing Serverless Platforms to Support Emerging Applications" 
 By Dr. Cristina Abad, Professor of Computer Science, Escuela Superior Politécnica del Litoral (ESPOL), Ecuador. 
 03.50 PM - 04.45 PM CET | 08.20 PM - 09.15 PM IST | "Is GAN adversarial?" 
 By Mr. Vikram Rajpura, Researcher, Dept of Advanced mathematics and Computer Science, Liverpool John Moore's University, UK 
 04.45 PM - 05.25 PM CET | 09.15 PM - 09.55 PM IST | Industry Presentations - 2 
 04.45 PM - 05.05 PM CET (09.15 PM - 9.35 PM IST): | "Role of 5G Private Network in Digitalization of Industry" Shri. TS Ramu. Co-Founder & Director, Lekha Wireless Solutions 
 05.05 PM - 05.25 PM CET (09.35 PM - 9.55 PM IST): | "ZenDNN: A CPU Inference Accelerator for AMD EPYC" by Mr. Arun Ramachandran & Mr. Chandra Kumar Ramasamy Senior Members of Technical Staff, AMD. 
 05.25 PM - 05.30 PM CET | 09.55 PM - 10.00 PM IST | Concluding Remarks for Day 2 

Conference Schedule - 14th December 2022 (Day 3) 
 01.00 PM – 05.45 PM CET (5.30 PM to 10.15 PM IST) 
  
 Session I 
 01.00 PM CET – 03.10 PM CET (5.30 PM IST to 07.40 PM IST) 
 Session Chair:Dr. Rajath Vasudevamurthy 
 01.00 PM - 01.30 PM CET | 05.30 PM - 06.00 PM IST | Keynote 5 :"Open specifications and open networks transforming commerce" 
 By Mr. Thampy Koshy, MD & CEO,ONDC 
 01.30 PM - 02.10 PM CET | 06.00 PM - 06.40 PM IST | Industry Presentations - 2 Presentations 
 01.30 PM to 01.50 PM CET : | 'Evolution of the Lakehouse', by Dr. Vivekanand Vellanki, Technical Architect, Dremio. 
 01.50 PM to 02.10 PM CET: | By Dr. Rengarajan Seshadri, Fellow, AtiMotors 
 02.10 PM - 03.10 PM CET | 06.40 PM - 07.40 PM IST | Student Projects Showcase - 6 Projects 
 (10 min each per presentation)Product Recognition And Identification In Shops | By Mehmet Cihan, Sakman and Josef Spillner 
 Cloud-Hosted Auto-Evaluation Portal For Big Data Assignments | By Vishal Ramesh, Sachin Shankar Suhas Thalanki, Supreeth Kurpad and Prafullata Auradkar 
 Ecotag | By Jayant Sogikar, Nandan Herekar Gandham Prasanthi, Aditya Nayak and Adrika Gupta 
 Attendance Monitoring System For Academic Institutions Using Nvidia Jetson Nano | By Laksh Cowlessur and Gururaja H.S 
 Image Processing Based Gesture Controlled Robotic Arm | By Banagar Mahesh, Bhardwaj Bhat, Chitkala S M Deekshitha Reddy P, Dr. Rajath Vasudevamurthy and Dr. M. Anantha Sunil 
 IoT Based Smoke And Gas Leaks Detection And Ventilation System | By Ashish Joshi, Gargi Thakare Gautami Mahajan, Shunnosuke Hiroi and Takayuki Kushida 
 03.10 PM - 03.30 PM CET | 07.40 PM - 08.00 PM IST | Break & Networking 
 Session II 
 03.30 PM CET – 05.45 PM CET (08.00 PM IST - 10.15 PM IST) 
 Session Chair:Prof. Shekar Babu 
 03.30 PM - 04.30 PM CET | 08.00 PM - 09.00 PM IST | Techno Biz Plan Presentations - 6 Presentations 
 (10 min each per presentation)Qule - Explore Chemical Infinities | By Padmapriya Mohan(RNSIT), Sabarikirishwaran Ponnambalam(Maejo University), Sphoorthy Nadimpalli (Cognizant), Tarush Singh (Morgan Stanley), Shubhang Mathur(IIITDM) 
 D2C Speciality Food Service | By Veerendra Sai Manasali, Amrita School of Business, Bangalore 
 IOT Based Smart chair for students and working professionals | By Ramprasath K, Amrita School of Business, Bangalore 
 Fitbowls | By Hemanth Sai Reddy and Sai Praneeth VT, Amrita School of Business, Bangalore 
 Smart wheel chair | By Nikhil Madhula Venkata, Amrita School of Business, Bangalore 
 FITINN | By Tejasri Bhaskar,Manoj Prabu S,Harshitha Mandava,Gayathri R and Maaryswaran S, Amrita School of Business, Bangalore 
 04.30 PM - 05.30 PM CET | 09.00 PM - 10.00 PM IST | Panel Discussion on"Artificial Intelligence for Emerging Markets" 
 Prof. N. Viswanadham | Department of CSA, IISc 
 Mr. Prakash Advani | CEO, picoNETS 
 Mr. Raj Tumuluri | CEO, Openstream 
 Mr. Gokulmuthu Narayanaswamy | Director, Itron 
 Dr. Rengarajan Seshadri | Fellow, AtiMotors 
 Moderator: Dr. Sreekrishnan VenkiteswaranCTO Kyndryl 
 05.30 PM - 05.45 PM CET | 10.00 PM - 10.15 PM IST | Awards and Conference Conclusion by Dr. Gopal Pingali, Raj Tumuluri & Dr. Sreekrishnan Venkiteswaran 

Mentors 
 Dr. Gopal Pingali 
 MD & Global Hybrid Cloud Leader, Accenture | IEEE Fellow 
 Dr. Gopal Pingali is an internationally renowned technology innovation, and transformation executive with extensive experience in driving digital transformation across multiple industries leveraging Cloud, AI, and Automation technologies. Gopal is currently CEO and Founder of cYAAG, a Cloud and AI startup whose vision is to make everyone a social entrepreneur to create a sustainable world 
 Gopal worked extensively in the US and India and built several global technical organizations with an entrepreneurial spirit. He was previously Global Vice President at IBM for Cloud Transformation and Global Technology Services Labs (GTS Labs). Prior to that he was a Research Leader at the IBM TJ Watson Research Center and at AT&T Bell Labs. He obtained his Ph.D. in Computer Science and Engineering from the University of Michigan. 
 Gopal pioneered innovations in many areas including Multicloud Management Cognitive Automation, Continuous Security, Mobile Web, Electronic Chronicles Real-time Video Tracking Systems, Smart Interactive Spaces, Visual Information Systems for Sports, Autonomous Vehicles, and Nanotechnology. His current passion is to build the world’s leading digital platform and the most vibrant global community for sustainable development 
 More ...Dr. T.S. Mohan 
 Director & Founder at Pragyan Datalabs 
 Dr. Mohan holds a Masters and PhD in computer science from the Indian Institute of Science Bangalore where he worked as a faculty-scientist for about a decade before moving into the industry. He was a young visiting scientist in the Lab for Computer Science, MIT in 1988 and a visiting scientist in NEC Research Institute Princeton in the summer of 1994. After leaving IISc, he worked for a number of companies including HP. He pursued his entrepreneurial interests in Bangalore in advanced enterprise software systems for about 7 years before joining Infosys. After a five year stint at Infosys, Dr Mohan founded Pragyan Datalabs focused on BigData algorithms and Analytics in Bengaluru. 
 More ...Prof. D.Janakiram 
 Institute for Development and Research in Banking Technology (IDRBT) 
 Dharanipragada Janakiram did his Ph.D from IIT Delhi and is currently a professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Madras, India, where he heads and coordinates the research activities of the Distributed and Object Systems Lab. 
 More ...Dr. Sreekrishnan Venkateswaran, CTO - Kyndryl India 
 He the CTO of Kyndryl India and a Kyndryl Distinguished Engineer. He also leads Kyndryl's Cloud Centre of Excellence, a world-wide team of client-facing cloud solution architects. Kyndryl is a $19B IBM spin-off. In his previous IBM roles, He was an engineering unit head and a Linux technologist, leading teams working on embedded systems, telecom, consumer electronics, health care, and networking. He authored a best selling book on Linux device drivers. He is currently the General Chair of IEEE International Conference on Cloud Computing in Emerging Markets. 
 More ...Raj Tumuluri 
 CEO, Openstream 
 Raj Tumuluri is the principal of Openstream USA and is a coauthor of several multimodal interaction standards at the worldwide web consortium (w3c) and his articles & book chapters were published in ACM & other reputed publications. His current area of research focuses on improving user experience leveraging context in multimodal interaction using machine learning. 
 More ...Dr. Sanjay Chitnis, Dean, Computer Science at RV University 
 Dr. Sanjay Chitnis's areas of interest are Machine Learning, Cloud Computing, Innovation and Entrepreneurship. He is a passionate teacher, with 33 years of all-round leadership level experience in IT industry as well as academics and research. During his career in industry, he managed projects such as Messaging Subsystem of IRIDIUM, the satellite based communication system in Motorola. Later at LG Soft India, he was responsible for the development of a new generation web Based platform for LG Smart devices. After this, he worked as Principal at the CMR Institute of technology, Bangalore. 
 More ...Dr. K.V.Subramaniam, AMD 
 Dr. K V Subramaniam has over 15 years of experience in both the software and semiconductor industries. He has worked in the Industry in a wide variety of technologies ranging from Performance Modeling of processors to providing architectural vision for scale out for an enterprise application. He has had the fortune of working with some very talented engineers and learning from them. He has worked across geographical boundaries working as an engineer and when managing teams. 
 He is currently working at the server performance group at AMD and teaching at PES University. 
 More ...Dr.-Ing. habil. Josef Spillner 
 Senior Lecturer & Panagiotis Gkikopoulos, Research Assistant, ZHAW School of Engineering, Switzerland 
 Dr. Josef Spillner is Theme Lead for Distributed Application Computing Paradigms and Service Prototyping and Fellowship holder of the digitalisation initiative of the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. His teaching schedule is focused on Big Data Computing, Cloud Native Computing and Serverless Computing. He conducts scientific research and applied innovation transfer in the same areas. 
 More ...Manthripragada Subrahmanya Sarma 
 Principal Consultant, Mindtree 
 Dr. Subrahmanya Sarma (Subbu)is a Principal Consultant and (Certified Project Management Professional) with 19 years of experience in Software development. Subbu is having expertise in various domains covering Machine Learning, Identity & Access Management Identity Federation, PKI and Cryptography. Subbu has 10 years of project and people management experience and one year of presales experience of proposing IDAM, IGA and PAM solutions to various customers across the globe. 
 More ...Sridhar Chitraju (CSri) 
 Program Director, Kyndryl 
 Sridhar Chitraju is a Program Director at Kyndryl. Prior to his current position at Kyndryl he has managed a global team of architects and developers for an IBM’s flagship cloud offering - IBM Cloud Managed Services. He has worked with Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) for more than a decade, before joining IBM in 2007. At TCS, he has worked in diverse areas - Global Delivery Strategy, managing Large Client Engagements, leading Practice Areas/Competencies, Delivery Center Program Management Office Strategic Planning for North America Sales Operations and handling of multi-million dollar full software life-cycle Application Development, Offering/Product development Maintenance and Support projects 
 Sridhar obtained his master’s degree from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Bombay and he also did an Executive Management Program from the Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Bangalore. His passions include building high performance teams and enabling cloud based innovations that help in transforming the businesses worldwide and societies we live in. 
 More ...Dr. Mydhili K Nair 
 Professor, RV University 
 Dr.Mydhili K Nair is currently working as a Professor at RV University. She has a mixed bag of 8 years Industrial Experience and 14+ years of Academic Experience. In the IT Industry she has adorned various roles ranging from Technical Lead to Project Manager in different companies such as Wipro, Hexaware, Asset Corporate Education Partner to IBM and Mahendra Comviva. Her research interest includes Distributed Computing and Data Science. She has won the prestigious IBM Faculty Award in the year 2011 for her collaborative research association with IBM. She is also in the editorial panel of referred journals & has been a member of the organizing committee, session chair for many annual symposiums, conferences, Women In Engineering (WiE) forums such as Grace Hopper Conference, IEEE ANTS WiE track etc. She is also the faculty mentor for Google Developer Student Club of MSRIT. She & her students have won many project competitions & best paper awards at State & National level, including Smart India Hackathon for two successive years (2018 and 2019). She is passionate about teaching and mentoring student projects, some of which have actual end-users. Noteworthy among them is a suite of three products that have been developed for the blind students under her mentorship, which is being successfully incorporated into the curriculum of a blind school in Yelahanka, Bangalore. 
 More ...Dr. Sekhar Babu, 
 Founding Head at Amrita School of Business, Bangalore 
 Dr. Shekar Babu is the Founding Head of AMRITA School of Business, Bangalore. He started AMRITA School of Business, Bangalore in 2007 in collaboration with SUNY, Buffalo, NY, USA. Mr. Shekar worked as Director Hewlett-Packard Co., Palo Alto, CA, USA for 11 years and 5 years as a Management Consultant at Price Waterhouse, Los Angeles, CA, USA. Mr. Shekar Babu is also an advisor and on board for a few start-up companies in India. Mr. Shekar Babu is also the Principal Investigator (PI) in developing and implementing CSR Projects since 2006. The 5 CSR projects termed as “Village Resource Centers (VRCs)” were implemented in 5 remote locations of Tamil Nadu and Kerala, in collaboration with Microsoft, HP, CTS, CISCO and ISRO. The projects were focused on Education, Healthcare and Agriculture. The results of these projects were presented in a paper “Enabling Rural Transformation through VRCs” at the International Conference “LifeSkills 2010” which was specifically appreciated by then President of India Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam and Dr. P.V. Indiresan. 
 More ...Balu Masti 
 Independant Advisor & Ex Intel 
 IoT Evangelist, Entrepreneur Startup Mentor, Startup Co-Founder. A Seasoned Software Professional with deep expertise in building scalable software solutions to solve a whole gamut of business problems ranging from software solutions for IOT / low level devices to enterprise platforms. In-depth experience building product and technology consulting business across multiple geographies including India and USA 
 More ...Sougata Mukherjea 
 Professor, Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi 
 Sougata Mukherjea is Professor of Practice,Computer Technology,Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi. Previously he was the Leader, CTO Center of Excellence at Kyndryl. He has a PhD in Computer Science from Georgia Institute of Technology and was an Adjunct Faculty – Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi. He has Over 15 years research and development experience in IBM, BEA, Inktomi and NEC Research. His area of expertise include Analytics, Visualization, AI, Mobile and Cloud. He has won several awards (within IBM and external) and has numerous projects with technical and business impact to IBM customers, products and services. He is an IBM Master Inventor with many US patents and has multiple research publications in reputed conferences and journals (Citation Count > 3000). 
 More ...Gopalakrishnan Balasubramanian 
 Program Director, Kyndryl 
 Proven leadership credentials with 20 + years of experience, across SDLC phases. Highly experienced in instilling & sustaining a high-performance culture, across teams & individuals. First-class experience in product release aspects, agile development & large-sized team handling. Managed & delivered 40-odd releases overall 
 More ...Dr. Sridhar Domnal 
 Cloud Consultant at Accenture 
 Dr. Shridhar G. D., is an experienced Postdoctoral Researcher / Cloud Consultant with a demonstrated history of working in industry, academia and strong research professional with a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) focused on Cloud and Distributed Computing from National Institute of Technology, Surathkal, Karnataka. He did his Postdoc at University of Surrey, UK on the project entitled "Cloud Assisted Real-time Methods for Autonomy (CARMA)” and mainly involved in building micro-services using application layer protocols on different cloud platforms (Amazon, Azure, etc.) which offer mobile edge computing (using serverless computing) capabilities for connected autonomous cars. Currently, he works on diversified platforms who wish to start / migrate their journey to Cloud environment and also focusses on building new capabilities which can be hosted on different public cloud platforms. In parallel, he is active with his research on IoT, Blockchain and other emerging technologies and he has published many conference and journal papers in reputed forums like IEEE, Elsevier and Springer. As a passion he collaborates with many reputed colleges to help and boost the student community by imparting his knowledge through Guest Lectures, Webinars, etc. He is passionate about travelling, cooking and cycling among other varied interests. 
 More ...Dr. Rajath Vasudevamurthy 
 B. M. S. College of Engineering, Bengaluru 
 Dr. Rajath Vasudevamurthy is serving as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering at B. M. S. College of Engineering, Basavanagudi, Bengaluru since January 2019. Previously he served at the Bengaluru campus of Amrita University. Dr. Rajath obtained his B. E. from R. V. College of Engineering, Bengaluru and did his Ph.D. from the Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru under the guidance of Prof. Bharadwaj Amrutur. He was a visiting researcher at KTH Stockholm and a post-doctoral researcher at the Pennsylvania State University. His interests include VLSI Circuits and Systems and likes to pursue India studies in his leisure 
 More ...Dr. Peter 
 Program Director, Reliance Jio 
 Working as the chief architect and vice-president in the Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) division of Reliance Jio Platforms Ltd. Bangalore. My previous stints are in IBM global Cloud center of Excellence (CoE), Wipro consulting services (WCS), and Robert Bosch Corporate Research (CR). In total, I have gained more than 20 years of IT industry experience and 8 years of research experience. Finished the CSIR-sponsored PhD degree at Anna University, Chennai and continued with the UGC-sponsored postdoctoral research in the Department of Computer Science and Automation, Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bangalore. Thereafter, I was granted a couple of international research fellowships (JSPS and JST) to work as a research scientist for 3.5 years in two leading Japanese universities. Published more than 40 research papers in peer-reviewed journals such as IEEE, ACM, Springer-Verlag Inderscience, etc. Have authored and edited 30 books thus far and contributed 35 book chapters thus far for various technology books edited by international professors 
 Focusing on some of the emerging technologies such as the Internet of Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Streaming Analytics, Blockchain Digital Twins, Cloud-native computing, Edge AI, Serverless Computing, Microservices architecture (MSA), Event-driven Architecture (EDA), etc. More details can be found at https://sweetypeterdarren.wixsite.com/pethuru-raj-books. Maintain an IT Information Portal athttp://peterindia.net/Digital.htmlandThe GitHub PageMore ...Dr. Abhishek Kumar 
 Senior Member IEEE ,IEEE Brand Ambassador 
 Abhishek Kumar has a Doctorate in computer science from University of Madras and done M.tech in Computer Sci. & Engineering from Government engineering college Ajmer, Rajasthan Technical University, Kota India. He has total Academic teaching experience of more than 8 years with more than 80 publications in reputed, peer reviewed National and International Journals, books & Conferences. His research area includes- Artificial intelligence, Image processing, Computer Vision, Data Mining, Machine Learning. He has been Session chair and keynote Speaker of many International conferences webinars in India and Abroad. He has been the reviewer for IEEE and Inderscience Journal. He has authored/Co-Authored 6 books published internationally and edited 16 books (Published & ongoing with Elsevier, Wiley, IGI GLOBAL Springer Apple Academic Press, De-Grueter and CRC etc. He has been member of various National and International professional societies in the field of engineering & research like Senior Member of IEEE , IAENG (International Association of Engineers), Associate Member of IRED (Institute of Research Engineers and Doctors), He has got Sir CV Raman National award for 2018 in young researcher and faculty Category from IJRP Group.He is Editor of Special issue in the Journal Computer materials and continua [SCI and SCOPUS.IF- 4.98] and Intelligent Automation and Soft Computing [SCI, SCOPUS, IF-1.276] Cognitive Neurodynamics, Springer [SCI, SCOPUS, IF-3.925] 
 More ...Prof. Takayuki Kushida 
 Graduate School of Bionics, Computer Science and Media Science Tokyo University of Technology 
 Takayuki Kushida is professor and leads Cloud and Distributed Systems Laboratory in Tokyo University of Technology. Before he joined the university, he was in IBM Research, Tokyo Research Laboratory as a senior research staff and pursued many research projects in distributed computing technology. He was also the technical staff of IBM Research HQ in NY, U.S.A. and worked on providing the research technical strategy for worldwide research laboratories. He was also a principal cloud solution architect in IBM Global Technology Services, Bangalore, India as an international assignment and supported to make many cloud technical solutions. In the academic community, he was a director for IPSJ (Information Processing Society of Japan) to execute the strategy and operation, and editor in chief for IPSJ Journal. He is IPSJ Fellow for his research contributions to distributed systems and cloud. 
 More ...Dr. P. Rambabu, IBM, Singapore 
 IBM Distinguished Engineer, Architecture Guild Leader Cloud Hub (East) at IBM 
 Rambabu Parvatina (Ram) is an IBM Distinguished Engineer - one of the highest company’s technical honors. Ram is a recognized technical leader for his deep technical expertise in cloud computing, leadership and innovation. Ram has played a lead role in solutioning and winning high-value hybrid cloud engagements that made a huge business impact. He built the Hybrid Cloud Orchestration and Automation practice in Cloud Center of Excellence, a global team that engages with hundreds of clients every year. Ram is currently the Chief Technologist for Cloud Content Factory that drives building and deploying of Cloud Automation solutions for IBM clients. He wears another hat as Cloud Solutioning leader in Service Integration Hub, IBM Singapore and is responsible for reviewing and guiding of hybrid cloud solutions in AP & MEA regions. Ram excels in creating first-of-a-kind solutions, generating reusable assets from them, and aligning them with reference architectures. 
 More ...Patronship and Participation 
 As a Patron, you will be showing your support for advancing cloud computing technology and helping to address the unique challenges and opportunities of cloud computing in emerging markets. You have the opportunity to enjoy extraordinary visibility with our conference audience, build powerful relationships and benchmark your company strategy against key industry players within India and internationally. 
 Patrons will be prominently recognized both at the events (workshop and main conference) and on the CCEM website.CCEM 2022 provides a limited number of Patronship opportunities as outlined in the table below. Interested Patrons should contact the Industry Liaisons Chair for the conference –Sri Chandra at sri.chandra@ieee.org 
 Patronship Type | Number of Opportunities | Number of Complimentary Full Conference registrations | Company Logo placed on conference web site with link | Prominent signage identifying company as a Patron at the appropriate level | Exhibit space | Acknowledgment of Patron at the event 
 Diamond 
 USD $10000 / INR 7,00,000 | 2 | 8 
 Platinum 
 USD $7500 / INR 5,25,000 | 2 | 6 
 Gold 
 USD $5000 / INR 3,50,000 | 2 | 4 
 Startup Showcase Patron 
 USD $5000 / INR 3,50,000 | 1 | 4 
 Tutorial Sessions Patron 
 USD $2500/INR 1,75,000 | 1 | 2 
 Banquet Dinner Patron 
 USD $2500/INR 1,75,000 | 1 | 2 
 Professional Mentors Patron 
 USD $1000/INR 70,000 | 15 | 2 
 Student Project Competition Patron 
 USD $1000/INR 70,000 | 1 | 1 
 Best Paper Awards Patron 
 USD $1000/INR 70,000 | 1 | 1 
 Conference Lunch Patron 
 USD $1000/INR 70,000 | 2 | 1 
 Sponsors & Patrons 
 Sponsored by IEEE Technical Committee on Services Computing (TCSVC) 

Patrons 

Use of this Website signifies your agreement to the terms and conditions 
 |Contact & Support|Privacy & Cookies|Nondiscrimination Policy|Terms & ConditionsCopyright 2024 IEEE - All Rights Reserved. 
 href="#" - ieeeccem.org

2. Website of CCEM_3: https://ieeeccem.org/
Website information of CCEM_3:

IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON CLOUD COMPUTING IN EMERGING MARKETS 
 You will be redirected to current event IEEE CCEM Pre Conference Workshop 2024 edition shortly! If you prefer to explore previous events, please click below 
  
 IEEE CCEM Conferences 
  
 20th - 22nd February 2025 | href="https://2025.ieeeccem.org/" - IEEE CCEM 2025
(Current) 
 16th March 2024 | href="https://2024.pcw.ieeeccem.org/" - IEEE CCEM Pre Conference
                Workshop 2024 
 2nd - 4th November 2023 | href="https://2023.ieeeccem.org/" - IEEE CCEM 2023 
 6th May 2023 | href="https://2023.pcw.ieeeccem.org/" - IEEE CCEM Pre Conference
                Workshop 2023 
 12th - 14th December 2022 | href="https://2022.ieeeccem.org/" - IEEE CCEM 2022 
 30th April 2022 | href="https://2022.pcw.ieeeccem.org/" - IEEE CCEM Pre Conference
                  Workshop 2022 
 27th - 30th October 2021 | href="https://2021.ieeeccem.org/" - IEEE CCEM 2021 
 27th February 2021 | href="https://2021.pcw.ieeeccem.org/" - IEEE CCEM Pre Conference
                  Workshop 2021 
 6th & 7th November 2020 | href="http://2020.ieeeccem.org" - IEEE CCEM 2020 
 29th February 2020 | href="https://2020.pcw.ieeeccem.org" - IEEE CCEM 2020 Pre
                  Conference Workshop 
 19th & 20th September 2019 | href="https://conferences.computer.org/ccem/2019/" - IEEE CCEM
                  2019 
 1st March 2019 | href="https://conferences.computer.org/ccem/2019/pcw/" - IEEE CCEM
                  2019 Pre Conference Workshop 
 23rd & 24th November 2018 | href="https://conferences.computer.org/ccem/2018/" - IEEE CCEM
                  2018

3. Website of CCEM_3: https://2025.ieeeccem.org/
Website information of CCEM_3:

IEEE CCEM 2025 
 Thirteenth IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON CLOUD COMPUTING IN EMERGING MARKETS 
 31st July, 1st August and 2nd August 2025 
 Venue: Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 

href="https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?button_hashtag=IEEECCEM&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw" - Tweet #IEEECCEM 

HOME 
 href="#cfp" - CALL FOR PAPERS 
 REGISTRATIONS 
 PROGRAM COMMITTEE 
 MENTORS 

Invited Speakers 
  
 Shri. M.D.Ranganath,Chairman and MD Catamaran Ventures 
 Chief Guest and Keynote Speaker 
  
 Prof. Ram RameshProfessor SUNY at Buffalo, NY,USA 
 Keynote Speaker 
  
 Pragya SharmaManaging Director, Hybrid Data & AI , Accenture 
 Keynote Speaker 
  
 Prof. H. Raghav RaoAT&T Distinguished Chair in Infrastructure Assurance and Security, University of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA) 
 Keynote Speaker 
  
 Dr. Sheela SiddappaDirector, Data Science, Kyndryl 
 Keynote Speaker 
  
 Mr. Rushi MehtaSenior Consultant,Indian Cyber Crime Coordination Center,Govt of India 
 Keynote Speaker 
  
 Mr. Venkatesh NarayananPrincipal Engineering Manager,Microsoft 
 Keynote Speaker 
  
 Mr. Ravi TrivediManaging Director, Digital Agriculture at The/Nudge Institute 
 Keynote Speaker 
  
 Mr. Naveen GopalakrishnaTechnical Specialist, AI Applications 
 Invited Speaker 

Mr. Prabhu StavarmathEntrepreneur enabling SmartBharat through Bharat Pi 
 Invited Speaker 
  
 CCEM Overview 
 Conference Scope 
 The top-ratedCCEMconference series, which was introduced in 2012, is now hosting theThirteenth (13th) IEEE International Conference on Cloud Computing in Emerging Markets (CCEM). 
 Over the past few years, cloud computing has been a dominating and revolutionary paradigm in information technology, and it is starting to have an impact on a wide range of sectors, including government, finance, telecommunications, education, retail, energy and utilities, and transportation. The research in cloud computing has become quite active and covers a wide range of topics, such as networking, storage, security, virtualization, efficient cloud architectures, enormous multi-tenancy, cloud application and service design, and cloud service administration. With AI algorithms, evaluating massive amounts of data to create content specifically for target audiences, content production has become more dynamic and focused. 
 Cloud computing continues to remain the future with studies suggesting more than 50% of all information technology will transition to a new paradigm within the next five to ten years. AI in the media and entertainment industry has seen a rise in innovation in this area too. AI has become increasingly important in gaming, podcasts, content suggestions, sentiment analysis, speech recognition, book publishing, film production, and marketing. This transformation has great implications for emerging markets which have the potential to leapfrog mature markets in their adoption of cloud computing, combine cloud computing and mobile technologies, AI, Gen AI & Meta AI etc. to introduce unique services that can transform the lives of billions, drive a much larger scale of adoption and challenge existing price points, while presenting unique challenges in areas such as security and user interfaces to Industry 4.0. 
 The goal 
 This research driven innovation conference has established itself as an unique conference that combines top notch peer-reviewed research papers (acceptance rate less than 10%), invited talks from renowned industry and government leaders, posters and demos showcasing latest innovations, a startup showcase highlighting the vibrant and fast growing business ecosystem around cloud, tutorials on cutting edge topics, and a doctoral symposium featuring some of the deep research topics being pursued by academic leaders. 
 Conference Format 
 The conference will be a Three-day event featuring invited talks, peer reviewed paper presentations, tutorials, technology showcase followed by panel discussion. 
 Topics of Interest 
 We invite both paper and demo submissions on relevant topics, including but not limited to: 
 Internet of Things (IOT) enabled by Cloud, Big Data & AI 
 Big Data Analytics & AI-driven predictive computing 
 Intersection of Cloud with Cognitive Computing and AI 
 Conversational AI & Multimodal Interactions 
 AI Infused Automation 
 AI and Media Content Generation 
 Social & Mobile Computing Advances Leveraging the Cloud computing and AI 
 Legal Aspects & Service Level Agreements in Cloud Computing & AI 
 Design of Cloud Computing services, especially for emerging markets – infrastructure, platform, database, software, network, storage, e-governance, and business process 
 Utilizing/enhancing the Cloud for Big data & Predictive analytics 
 Deep Learning in Cloud Environments 
 Advances in virtualization of hardware & software services, Cloud Networking 
 Security, privacy, governance, and compliance management in cloud computing 
 DevOps, Monitoring, management, & maintenance in Cloud Computing environments 
 Performance optimization in Hybrid Cloud Environments 
 Cloud Computing Solutions for different Industries & verticals 
 Important Dates - CCEM 2025 
 30th April 2025 
 Last date for All Papers submission 
 12th May 2025 
 Notification of Acceptance Date 
 11th June 2025 
 Early bird Registration Deadline 
 16th July 2025 
 Camera Ready Submission Due Date 
 31st July, 1st August and 2nd August 2025 
 IEEE CCEM Main Conference 

CCEM 2025 
 Program schedule will be announce soon! 
 Program content goes here 

Invited Speakers 
 Speakers List Coming Soon!! 

href="#awards-winners" - 2019 IEEE CCEM Award
                                                Winners 
 href="#ccem-gallery" - 2019 Event Gallery 
 IEEE CCEM 2022 Pre Conference Workshop Award winners 
  
 1. CCEM 2022 - Best Proposal - Early Stage Research Paper Submissions 
 Aiswarya Sriram, Advithi Nair, Alka Simon, Subramaniam Kalambur and Dinkar Sitaram 
  
 2. CCEM 2022 - Best Proposal - TechnoBizPlan Showcase Submission 
 Roshan Wathore, Sijoy Joseph and A Vaidyanathan 
  
 3. CCEM 2022 - Best Student Project Showcase 
 Thrivikraman V, Animesh N D and Taran Singhania 
  
 CCEM 2019 Gallery 
 href="#ccem_gallery" - Previous
href="#ccem_gallery" - Next

IEEE CCEM 2025 
 href="#overview" - CCEM 2025 Call for Submissions 
 href="#cfp_trp" - Call for Technical Research
												Papers 
 href="#biz_show" - Call for Techno-Business
												Plans Showcase 
 href="#stu_proj" - Call for Student Project
												Showcase 
 href="http://2025.ieeeccem.org" - 2025
                                                IEEE CCEM 
 href="http://ieeeccem.org" - List
                                                of previous events 
 IEEE INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON CLOUD COMPUTING IN EMERGING MARKETS 
 IEEE CCEM Conference-2025 
 Venue: Amrita University, Mysore 
 Call for Technical Research Papers, Student Project Showcase & TechnoBizPlan Showcase Proposals, and Industry Advancement Demos 
 Overview 
 The top-rated CCEM conference series, which was introduced in 2012, is now hosting the Thirteenth (13th) IEEE International Conference on Cloud Computing in Emerging Markets (CCEM).Over the past few years, cloud computing has been a dominating and revolutionary paradigm in information technology, and it is starting to have an impact on a wide range of sectors, including government, finance, telecommunications, education, retail, energy and utilities, and transportation. The research in cloud computing has become quite active and covers a wide range of topics, such as networking, storage, security, virtualization, efficient cloud architectures, enormous multi-tenancy, cloud application and service design, and cloud service administration. With AI algorithms, evaluating massive amounts of data to create content specifically for target audiences, content production has become more dynamic and focused. 
 Cloud computing continues to remain the future with studies suggesting more than 50% of all information technology will transition to a new paradigm within the next five to ten years. AI in the media and entertainment industry has seen a rise in innovation in this area too. AI has become increasingly important in gaming, podcasts, content suggestions, sentiment analysis, speech recognition, book publishing, film production, and marketing. This transformation has great implications for emerging markets which have the potential to leapfrog mature markets in their adoption of cloud computing, combine cloud computing and mobile technologies, AI, Gen AI & Meta AI etc. to introduce unique services that can transform the lives of billions, drive a much larger scale of adoption and challenge existing price points, while presenting unique challenges in areas such as security and user interfaces to Industry 4.0. 
 Certificates and cash awards will be given for the three most innovative proposals submitted across these three areas viz., (1) Research-paper (2) Student- Project Showcase and Technobiz-plan Showcase.Topics of Interest in this Conference include Technologies & applications with Cloud/Big Data/AI/Deep Learning/IoT, both for & from Emerging Markets: 
 Internet of Things (IOT) enabled by Cloud, Big Data & AI 
 Big Data Analytics & AI-driven predictive computing 
 Intersection of Cloud with Cognitive Computing and AI 
 Conversational AI & Multimodal Interactions 
 AI Infused Automation 
 AI and Media Content Generation 
 Social & Mobile Computing Advances Leveraging the Cloud computing and AI 
 Legal Aspects & Service Level Agreements in Cloud Computing & AI 
 Design of Cloud Computing services, especially for emerging markets – infrastructure, platform, database, software, network, storage, e-governance, and business process 
 Utilizing/enhancing the Cloud for Big data & Predictive analytics 
 Deep Learning in Cloud Environments 
 Advances in virtualization of hardware & software services, Cloud Networking 
 Security, privacy, governance, and compliance management in cloud computing 
 DevOps, Monitoring, management, & maintenance in Cloud Computing environments 
 Performance optimization in Hybrid Cloud Environments 
 Cloud Computing Solutions for different Industries & verticals 
 Additionally, the areas of path-breaking innovative application interest include: 
 Affordable Healthcare: Eco-systems, Devices Management, e-Health Data e-Health Networks. 
 Swachha Bharat: Clean & Green Environments & Spaces. 
 Leveraging IndiaStack & digital payment solutions. 
 Smart cities - Intelligent management of Resources, Healthcare, Security Amenities, Education Infrastructure Transportation, Energy & Civil services Management. 
 Affordable Security and Privacy of data in the cloud, sensor networks and IoT. 
 Intelligent Automation of IT Systems & Processes. 
 Template for IEEE CCEM Research Papers, TechnoBiz Plans & Proposals (Mandatory Sections) 
  
 IEEE CCEM Research Papers 
 8 Pages Max | IEEE CCEM Student Project Showcase Proposals 
 3 Pages Max | IEEE CCEM TechnoBizPlan Showcase Proposals 
 3 Page Max 
 Title (One Line only) & Author Names with, Email Ids & Company/College Name & URL | Title (One Line only) & Author Names with, Email Ids & Company/College Name & URL | Title (One Line only) & Author Names with, Email Ids & Company/College Name & URL 
 Abstract: 100 words / Two Paragraphs | Synopsis – 100 Words / Two Paragraphs | Abstract -100 Words / Two Paragraphs 
 Introduction | Research Claims | What is in scope & what is not in scope 
 Related Work | Related Work | Related Work 
 Theoretical Framework | Theoretical Framework | Demo Overview 
 Architecture, Design & Modeling | Architecture, Design & Modeling | Architecture & Business modeling 
 Experimentations & Data Analysis with discussions | Experimentations & Data Analysis with discussions | Experimentations & Market Data Analysis with discussions 
 Conclusions & Validation of Claims | Conclusions & Validation of Claims | Conclusions & Validation of Claims 
 References cited | References cited | References cited 
 Call for Technical Research Papers: 
 We invite Research papers submissions on all topics relevant to Cloud Computing in Emerging Markets as listed above. Papers should typically include a clear description of the problem being addressed overview of and comparison to related work, the theoretical framework/model proposed by the authors experimentation details and the experimental results, and conclusions. Papers will be reviewed by an international program committee which will ensure that only high-quality papers with originality and novelty are accepted for presentation in the conference. 
 The Papers can be eitherA full research paper | of maximum 8 pages with complete and substantial research outcomes. 
 A short research paper | of 5 pages that is complete but discussing a limited contribution. 
 The short paper track also provides authors to present good engineering work or negative results that will otherwise not qualify to meet the stringent guidelines of a full research paper. 
 IEEE CCEM has adopted a double-blind reviewing process. Author names and affiliations should not appear in the paper. Authors should make a reasonable effort not to reveal their identities through information contained in the paper; authors’ prior work should be referred to in the third person. Submissions that violate these requirements will be rejected without review.Please submit your Technical Research Papers throgh Microsoft CMT for CCEM 2025href="https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/IEEECCEM2025/Submission/Index" - Submit
Please follow the paper/proposal template mandatorily as mentioned in theabove template. The selected full and short research papers will be published as part of the conference proceedingswhich can be indexed through IEEE Xplore.The conference will publicly announce the following awards. 
 Awards in this category 
 IEEE TCSVC - The Best Student Research Paper - Winner. 
 The Best Student Research Paper - Runner Up. 
 Call for TechnoBizPlan Showcase Proposals: 
 The TechnoBizPlan-Showcase session at CCEM enables start-up companies established companies professionals,Students (from Management/Engineering/Non-Engineering Schools or Colleges), and faculties to demonstrate their cutting-edge capabilities and ideas in the field of cloud computing which can be incubated into product and/or service offerings. The CCEM Conference has showcased innovative technologies in previous years as well and these sessions have been very interactive with the conference audience that has also included reputed venture capitalists. TechnoBizPlan proposals should typically include: 
 An overview of the technology innovations being leveraged 
 Top use cases for the innovation & product/service offerings, 
 Comparison to competing technologies and alternatives, market analysis, financials, risk assessment & mitigation 
 link to a three minute or less uploaded YouTube video demo. 
 Please follow the paper/proposal template mandatorily as given in the website. The top two submissions will have an opportunity to present an elevator pitch before the conference participants. The reviewed and accepted proposals will get an opportunity to present their ideas to the Review Committee which would be drawn from Academia Industry and Venture Capitalists. The best pitch will win the "13th IEEE CCEM 2025 TechnoBizPlan Competition Award". A short but substantial 3 page write-up as per template above of the accepted TechnoBiz plans will be published to be part of the "13th IEEE CCEM 2025 Conference Proceedings-B", and will be published on our website. 
 Awards in this category 
 The Best TechnoBiz Showcase Proposal - Winner. 
 The Best TechnoBiz Showcase Proposal - Runner Up. 
 Please submit your Technical Research Papers throgh Microsoft CMT for CCEM 2025href="https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/IEEECCEM2025/Submission/Index" - Submit
Call for Student Project Showcase Proposals: 
 The Student-Project-Showcase offers an opportunity for under-graduate and graduate students to do more constructive academic projects to analyze how cloud computing can be leveraged to assuage problems of emerging markets. Reviewed and accepted proposals will have a dedicated space for presentations and demonstrations. The CCEM Conference has showcased innovative technologies implemented by students in their projects in previous years as well and these sessions have been very interactive with the conference audience. The submission paper should have at least one Professor/Mentor from their college/university, who would have guided them, and should typically include the following: 
 An overview of the technology innovations being leveraged, 
 Top use cases for the innovations 
 Comparison to competing technologies and alternatives, architecture design, and implementation challenges 
 URL of maximum three minutes YouTube video 
 The submission paper should be maximum three pages (using IEEE Manuscript Templates, A4 size and English) with:One line Title (capturing the essence of the project) 
 Student Author names, affiliations and email ids 
 Professor/Mentor name, affiliations and email ids 
 Following sections should be included: 
 Abstract: 100 words / Two Paragraphs 
 Introduction and related work: comparing competing technologies and problem statements 
 Solution approach: technology Innovation and use-case scenario 
 Implementation details 
 Results 
 References 
 URL of maximum three minutes YouTube video presenting the project 
 Please submit your Technical Research Papers throgh Microsoft CMT for CCEM 2025href="https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/IEEECCEM2025/Submission/Index" - Submit
Awards in this category 
 The Best Student Project Showcase Proposal - Winner. 
 The Best Student Project Showcase Proposal - Runner Up. 
 Mentors of IEEE CCEM 2025: 
 Dr. T. S. Mohan,Pragyan Datalabs Bengaluru 
 Dr. Gopal Pingali,Accenture 
 Prof. D. Janakiram,Institute for Development and Research in Banking Technology (IDRBT) 
 Dr. Sreekrishnan Venkiteswaran,Kyndryl India 
 Raj Tumuluri,OpenStream, USA 
 Dr. Sanjay Chitnis,RV University 
 Dr. K.V. Subramaniam,AMD 
 Rambabu Parvatina,IBM, Singapore 
 Dr. M Subramanya Sarma,Mindtree 
 Sridhar Chitaraju,Kyndryl 
 Dr.Mydhili K Nair,Professor, MSRIT 
 Dr Sekhar Babu,Amrita University 
 Balu Masti,Co-Founder HUM Consulting Services & Ex Intel 
 Dr. Sridhar Domnal,Cloud Consultant at Accenture 
 Gopalakrishnan Balasubramanian,Program Director, Kyndryl 
 Dr. Sougata Mukherjea,IIT Delhi 
 Dr. Rajath Vasudevamurthy,B. M. S. College of Engineering 
 Dr. Peter,Program Director, Reliance Jio 
 Dr. Abhishek Kumar,Senior Member IEEE ,IEEE Brand Ambassador 
 Prof. P Radha Krishna,National Institute of Technology, Warangal 
 Dr.-Ing. habil. Josef Spillner,ZHAW School of Engineering Switzerland 
 Prof. Takayuki Kushida,School of Computer Science, Tokyo University of Technology, Japan 
 Dr. Manish Gupta,Kyndryl 
  
 REGISTRATIONS 
 Early bird registrations until 30th April 2025 
 Atlest one Author of selected paper need to register 
 CCEM 2025 Organizing Committee 
 CCEM 2025 Steering Committee 
 Dr. Gopal Pingali, | MD & Global Hybrid Cloud Leader, Accenture 
 Dr. T.S. Mohan, | Pragyan Datalabs 
 Raj Tumuluri, | Openstream, USA 
 CCEM 2025 General Chairs 
 Dr. K V Subramaniam, | AMD 
 Prof. Shekar Babu, | Associate Dean, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru. 
 Prof. H. Raghav Rao, | AT&T Distinguished Chair in Infrastructure Assurance and Security, University of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA) 
 Prof. Ram Ramesh | Professor, SUNY at Buffalo, NY,USA 
 Technical Program Committee Chairs 
 Dr. Maja Vuković, | IBM Fellow,New York US 
 Dr. Josef Spillner, | Zhaw School of Engineering, Switzerland 
 Dr. Takayuki Kushida, | School of Computer Science, Tokyo University of Technology, Japan 
 Dr. Priya Govindarajan, | Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Industry Liaison Chair 
 Sri Chandra, | IEEE 
 Academic Liaison Chairs 
 Dr. Pethuru Raj, | RJIL 
 Sudhakar Nagaraja, | Kyndryl 
 TechnoBizplan showcase Chair 
 Prof. Shekar Babu, | Associate Dean, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Dr. Mahesh R | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Student Project Showcase Chairs 
 Dr.Mydhili Nair, | Professor, RV University, Bengaluru. 
 Mr. Akshay S | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Dr. Subrahmanya Sarma, | Infosys. 
 Prof Sudarshan, | PES South Campus 
 Tutorials Chairs 
 Dr. K V Subramaniam, | AMD 
 Publications Chair 
 Dr. Shridhar Domanal 
 Dr. N. Shobarani | Associate Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Dr. Narendran S M | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Keynote Speaker Chair 
 Dr. Sanjay Chitnis | RV University 
 Prof. Raghu Rao 
 Program Management Committee 
 Dr. Manohar N | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Arunraj Gopalsamy, | Associate Director, Kyndryl 
 Vijayalakshmi Govindaraj, | Kyndryl 
 Prabha Sasikanth, | Kyndryl 
 IEEE Liaison Chairs 
 Dr. Abhishek Appaji, | IEEE 
 Finance Chair 
 Ravi Shankar C | Kyndryl 
 Mr. Sudharshan Duth P | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Media and Creative Design 
 Dr. Ramya K Prasad | Associate Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Mr. Suraj R Shankar | Assistant Professor Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Madhumita Phukan, | Tech Mahindra 
 Rajakumar Munusamy, | Concentrix 
 Venue & Accommodation Committee 
 Mr. Uday M, Assistant Professor | Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham 
 Technical Program Committee 
 Dr. Satish Narayana Srirama, | PhD School of Computer and Information Sciences, University of Hyderabad,India. 
 Dr. G. R. Gangadharan, | M.S., Ph.D. Senior Member IEEE & ACM Associate Professor, Dept. of Computer Applications, National Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli, India 
 Dr. Ernesto DamianiDirector, | Khalifa University Center for Cyber Physical Systems (C2PS), Professor, Director of Information Security Center, Electrical and Computer Engineering & EBTIC 
 Dr. Madhu Govindaraju, | Professor, Department of Computer Science Vice Provost - International Education and Global Affairs (IEGA) Binghamton University, SUNY, NY 
 Dr. Matthew Forshaw, | Senior Lecturer in Data Science and National Skills Lead to The Alan Turing Institute, School of Computing Urban Sciences Building, Newcastle University, UK 
 Dr. Yogesh Simmhan, | Associate Professor, Department of Computational and Data Sciences Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bengaluru. 
 Dr. Byungchul Tak, | PhD Associate Dean, College of IT, Kyungpook National University, Daegu, Korea 
 Dr. J. Lakshmi, | Chief Research Scientist, Cloud Systems Lab Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bengaluru. 
 Dr. Josef Spillner, | Zhaw School of Engineering, Switzerland 
 Dr. Tak Kushida, | Director of Cloud and Distributed Systems Lab Tokyo University of Technology, Japan 
 Dr. Deepak P Chandrashekar, | Soroco India Pvt. Ltd, Bengaluru 
 Dr. Shridhar Domanal, | Accenture 
 Dr. Pravati Swain, | Faculty of Computer Science, NIT Goa, India 
 Dr. Anandha Gopalan, | Principal Teaching Fellow, Department of Computing, Imperial College London, UK 
 Dr. Nandini Sidnal, | Faculty of Computer Science, Melbourne Institute of Technology, Sydney, Australia 
 Dr. G. Rammohan Reddy, | Professor at NIT Surathkal 
 Mohan Parthasarathy, | Distinguished Technologist, HPE 
 Dr Pankaj Saha, | Senior Member of Technical Staff in Oracle, USA. 
 Dr Claudio Aragna, | University of Milan 
 Dr. Rajath Vasudevamurthy, | Assistant Professor, B. M. S. College of Engineering, Bengaluru. 
 Prakash Raghavendra, | Fellow at AMD, Bengalurus 
 Dr. Dinkar Sitaram, | Professor, Head Center for Cloud Computing and Big Data, PES University, Bengaluru. 
 Academic liaison committee 
 Dr. Juliet Rozario, | Professor at Nehru Arts and Science College, Coimbatore. 
 Mr. Adwitiya Mukhopadhyay, | Assistant Professor, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru 
 Dr. Savitha Murthy, | Post Doctoral Researcher, IISc 
 Dr. Shyam Murthy, | Post Doctoral Researcher, IISc 
 Dr. Chandrajit, | Associate Professor, MIT Mysuru 
 Dr. Balakrishnan R, | Assistant Professor, SASTRA Deemed University 
 Dr. Rajesh Kumar N, | Assistant Professor, SASTRA Deemed University 
 Mr. Susheel Suresh, | Applied Scientist, Microsoft Copilot AI 
 Mr. Munniyandi Perumal, | Associate Director, Kyndryl 
 Dr. Kannan M, | Assistant Professor, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham 
 Dr. Pallavi Joshi, | Assistant Professor, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham 
 Prafullata Auradkar, | Associate Professor, PES University 
 Mr. Santhosh kumar Bethi, | Senior software engineer , T-mobile 
 Dr. Ghanshyam Singh, | Assistant Professor , Poornima College of Engineering Jaipur 
 Dr. Krishnachalitha.K.C, | Assistant Professor, Alliance College of Engineering & Design (ACED), Alliance University, Bangalore. 
 Dr. Sheela.K, | Assistant Professor , St. Anne's Arts and Science College 

13th IEEE CCEM - 2025 CONFERENCE SCHEDULE 
 8.00 AM to 05.30 PM IST 

To be announced shortly! 

13th IEEE CCEM - 2025 CONFERENCE SCHEDULE 

To be announced shortly! 

13th IEEE CCEM - 2025 CONFERENCE SCHEDULE 

To be announced shortly! 

Mentors 
 Dr. Gopal Pingali 
 MD & Global Hybrid Cloud Leader, Accenture | IEEE Fellow 
 Dr. Gopal Pingali is an internationally renowned technology innovation, and transformation executive with extensive experience in driving digital transformation across multiple industries leveraging Cloud, AI, and Automation technologies. Gopal is currently CEO and Founder of cYAAG, a Cloud and AI startup whose vision is to make everyone a social entrepreneur to create a sustainable world 
 Gopal worked extensively in the US and India and built several global technical organizations with an entrepreneurial spirit. He was previously Global Vice President at IBM for Cloud Transformation and Global Technology Services Labs (GTS Labs). Prior to that he was a Research Leader at the IBM TJ Watson Research Center and at AT&T Bell Labs. He obtained his Ph.D. in Computer Science and Engineering from the University of Michigan. 
 Gopal pioneered innovations in many areas including Multicloud Management Cognitive Automation, Continuous Security, Mobile Web, Electronic Chronicles Real-time Video Tracking Systems, Smart Interactive Spaces, Visual Information Systems for Sports, Autonomous Vehicles, and Nanotechnology. His current passion is to build the world’s leading digital platform and the most vibrant global community for sustainable development 
 More ...Dr. T.S. Mohan 
 Director & Founder at Pragyan Datalabs 
 Dr. Mohan holds a Masters and PhD in computer science from the Indian Institute of Science Bangalore where he worked as a faculty-scientist for about a decade before moving into the industry. He was a young visiting scientist in the Lab for Computer Science, MIT in 1988 and a visiting scientist in NEC Research Institute Princeton in the summer of 1994. After leaving IISc, he worked for a number of companies including HP. He pursued his entrepreneurial interests in Bangalore in advanced enterprise software systems for about 7 years before joining Infosys. After a five year stint at Infosys, Dr Mohan founded Pragyan Datalabs focused on BigData algorithms and Analytics in Bengaluru. 
 More ...Prof. D.Janakiram 
 Institute for Development and Research in Banking Technology (IDRBT) 
 Dharanipragada Janakiram did his Ph.D from IIT Delhi and is currently a professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Madras, India, where he heads and coordinates the research activities of the Distributed and Object Systems Lab. 
 More ...Dr. Sreekrishnan Venkateswaran, CTO - Kyndryl India 
 He the CTO of Kyndryl India and a Kyndryl Distinguished Engineer. He also leads Kyndryl's Cloud Centre of Excellence, a world-wide team of client-facing cloud solution architects. Kyndryl is a $19B IBM spin-off. In his previous IBM roles, He was an engineering unit head and a Linux technologist, leading teams working on embedded systems, telecom, consumer electronics, health care, and networking. He authored a best selling book on Linux device drivers. He is currently the General Chair of IEEE International Conference on Cloud Computing in Emerging Markets. 
 More ...Raj Tumuluri 
 CEO, Openstream 
 Raj Tumuluri is the principal of Openstream USA and is a coauthor of several multimodal interaction standards at the worldwide web consortium (w3c) and his articles & book chapters were published in ACM & other reputed publications. His current area of research focuses on improving user experience leveraging context in multimodal interaction using machine learning. 
 More ...Dr. Sanjay Chitnis, Dean, Computer Science at RV University 
 Dr. Sanjay Chitnis's areas of interest are Machine Learning, Cloud Computing, Innovation and Entrepreneurship. He is a passionate teacher, with 33 years of all-round leadership level experience in IT industry as well as academics and research. During his career in industry, he managed projects such as Messaging Subsystem of IRIDIUM, the satellite based communication system in Motorola. Later at LG Soft India, he was responsible for the development of a new generation web Based platform for LG Smart devices. After this, he worked as Principal at the CMR Institute of technology, Bangalore. 
 More ...Dr. K.V.Subramaniam, AMD 
 Dr. K V Subramaniam has over 15 years of experience in both the software and semiconductor industries. He has worked in the Industry in a wide variety of technologies ranging from Performance Modeling of processors to providing architectural vision for scale out for an enterprise application. He has had the fortune of working with some very talented engineers and learning from them. He has worked across geographical boundaries working as an engineer and when managing teams. 
 He is currently working at the server performance group at AMD and teaching at PES University. 
 More ...Dr.-Ing. habil. Josef Spillner 
 Senior Lecturer & Panagiotis Gkikopoulos, Research Assistant, ZHAW School of Engineering, Switzerland 
 Dr. Josef Spillner is Theme Lead for Distributed Application Computing Paradigms and Service Prototyping and Fellowship holder of the digitalisation initiative of the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. His teaching schedule is focused on Big Data Computing, Cloud Native Computing and Serverless Computing. He conducts scientific research and applied innovation transfer in the same areas. 
 More ...Manthripragada Subrahmanya Sarma 
 Principal Consultant, Mindtree 
 Dr. Subrahmanya Sarma (Subbu)is a Principal Consultant and (Certified Project Management Professional) with 19 years of experience in Software development. Subbu is having expertise in various domains covering Machine Learning, Identity & Access Management Identity Federation, PKI and Cryptography. Subbu has 10 years of project and people management experience and one year of presales experience of proposing IDAM, IGA and PAM solutions to various customers across the globe. 
 More ...Sridhar Chitraju (CSri) 
 Program Director, Kyndryl 
 Sridhar Chitraju is a Program Director at Kyndryl. Prior to his current position at Kyndryl he has managed a global team of architects and developers for an IBM’s flagship cloud offering - IBM Cloud Managed Services. He has worked with Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) for more than a decade, before joining IBM in 2007. At TCS, he has worked in diverse areas - Global Delivery Strategy, managing Large Client Engagements, leading Practice Areas/Competencies, Delivery Center Program Management Office Strategic Planning for North America Sales Operations and handling of multi-million dollar full software life-cycle Application Development, Offering/Product development Maintenance and Support projects 
 Sridhar obtained his master’s degree from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Bombay and he also did an Executive Management Program from the Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Bangalore. His passions include building high performance teams and enabling cloud based innovations that help in transforming the businesses worldwide and societies we live in. 
 More ...Dr. Mydhili K Nair 
 Professor, RV University 
 Dr.Mydhili K Nair is currently working as a Professor at RV University. She has a mixed bag of 8 years Industrial Experience and 14+ years of Academic Experience. In the IT Industry she has adorned various roles ranging from Technical Lead to Project Manager in different companies such as Wipro, Hexaware, Asset Corporate Education Partner to IBM and Mahendra Comviva. Her research interest includes Distributed Computing and Data Science. She has won the prestigious IBM Faculty Award in the year 2011 for her collaborative research association with IBM. She is also in the editorial panel of referred journals & has been a member of the organizing committee, session chair for many annual symposiums, conferences, Women In Engineering (WiE) forums such as Grace Hopper Conference, IEEE ANTS WiE track etc. She is also the faculty mentor for Google Developer Student Club of MSRIT. She & her students have won many project competitions & best paper awards at State & National level, including Smart India Hackathon for two successive years (2018 and 2019). She is passionate about teaching and mentoring student projects, some of which have actual end-users. Noteworthy among them is a suite of three products that have been developed for the blind students under her mentorship, which is being successfully incorporated into the curriculum of a blind school in Yelahanka, Bangalore. 
 More ...Dr. Sekhar Babu, 
 Associate Dean, Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Mysuru Campus 
 Dr. Shekar Babu is the Founding Head of AMRITA School of Business, Bangalore. He started AMRITA School of Business, Bangalore in 2007 in collaboration with SUNY, Buffalo, NY, USA. Mr. Shekar worked as Director Hewlett-Packard Co., Palo Alto, CA, USA for 11 years and 5 years as a Management Consultant at Price Waterhouse, Los Angeles, CA, USA. Mr. Shekar Babu is also an advisor and on board for a few start-up companies in India. Mr. Shekar Babu is also the Principal Investigator (PI) in developing and implementing CSR Projects since 2006. The 5 CSR projects termed as “Village Resource Centers (VRCs)” were implemented in 5 remote locations of Tamil Nadu and Kerala, in collaboration with Microsoft, HP, CTS, CISCO and ISRO. The projects were focused on Education, Healthcare and Agriculture. The results of these projects were presented in a paper “Enabling Rural Transformation through VRCs” at the International Conference “LifeSkills 2010” which was specifically appreciated by then President of India Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam and Dr. P.V. Indiresan. 
 More ...Balu Masti 
 Independant Advisor & Ex Intel 
 IoT Evangelist, Entrepreneur Startup Mentor, Startup Co-Founder. A Seasoned Software Professional with deep expertise in building scalable software solutions to solve a whole gamut of business problems ranging from software solutions for IOT / low level devices to enterprise platforms. In-depth experience building product and technology consulting business across multiple geographies including India and USA 
 More ...Sougata Mukherjea 
 Program Director, Kyndryl 
 Sougata Mukherjea is currently Professior of Practice, IIT Delhi. Previously he was the Leader, CTO Center of Excellence at Kyndryl. He has a PhD in Computer Science from Georgia Institute of Technology and was an Adjunct Faculty – Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi. He has Over 15 years research and development experience in IBM, BEA, Inktomi and NEC Research. His area of expertise include Analytics, Visualization, AI, Mobile and Cloud. He has won several awards (within IBM and external) and has numerous projects with technical and business impact to IBM customers, products and services. He is an IBM Master Inventor with many US patents and has multiple research publications in reputed conferences and journals (Citation Count > 3000). 
 More ...Gopalakrishnan Balasubramanian 
 Program Director, Kyndryl 
 Proven leadership credentials with 20 + years of experience, across SDLC phases. Highly experienced in instilling & sustaining a high-performance culture, across teams & individuals. First-class experience in product release aspects, agile development & large-sized team handling. Managed & delivered 40-odd releases overall 
 More ...Dr. Sridhar Domnal 
 Cloud Consultant at Accenture 
 Dr. Shridhar G. D., is an experienced Postdoctoral Researcher / Cloud Consultant with a demonstrated history of working in industry, academia and strong research professional with a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) focused on Cloud and Distributed Computing from National Institute of Technology, Surathkal, Karnataka. He did his Postdoc at University of Surrey, UK on the project entitled "Cloud Assisted Real-time Methods for Autonomy (CARMA)” and mainly involved in building micro-services using application layer protocols on different cloud platforms (Amazon, Azure, etc.) which offer mobile edge computing (using serverless computing) capabilities for connected autonomous cars. Currently, he works on diversified platforms who wish to start / migrate their journey to Cloud environment and also focusses on building new capabilities which can be hosted on different public cloud platforms. In parallel, he is active with his research on IoT, Blockchain and other emerging technologies and he has published many conference and journal papers in reputed forums like IEEE, Elsevier and Springer. As a passion he collaborates with many reputed colleges to help and boost the student community by imparting his knowledge through Guest Lectures, Webinars, etc. He is passionate about travelling, cooking and cycling among other varied interests. 
 More ...Dr. Rajath Vasudevamurthy 
 B. M. S. College of Engineering, Bengaluru 
 Dr. Rajath Vasudevamurthy is serving as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering at B. M. S. College of Engineering, Basavanagudi, Bengaluru since January 2019. Previously he served at the Bengaluru campus of Amrita University. Dr. Rajath obtained his B. E. from R. V. College of Engineering, Bengaluru and did his Ph.D. from the Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru under the guidance of Prof. Bharadwaj Amrutur. He was a visiting researcher at KTH Stockholm and a post-doctoral researcher at the Pennsylvania State University. His interests include VLSI Circuits and Systems and likes to pursue India studies in his leisure 
 More ...Dr. Peter 
 Program Director, Reliance Jio 
 Working as the chief architect and vice-president in the Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) division of Reliance Jio Platforms Ltd. Bangalore. My previous stints are in IBM global Cloud center of Excellence (CoE), Wipro consulting services (WCS), and Robert Bosch Corporate Research (CR). In total, I have gained more than 20 years of IT industry experience and 8 years of research experience. Finished the CSIR-sponsored PhD degree at Anna University, Chennai and continued with the UGC-sponsored postdoctoral research in the Department of Computer Science and Automation, Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bangalore. Thereafter, I was granted a couple of international research fellowships (JSPS and JST) to work as a research scientist for 3.5 years in two leading Japanese universities. Published more than 40 research papers in peer-reviewed journals such as IEEE, ACM, Springer-Verlag Inderscience, etc. Have authored and edited 30 books thus far and contributed 35 book chapters thus far for various technology books edited by international professors 
 Focusing on some of the emerging technologies such as the Internet of Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Streaming Analytics, Blockchain Digital Twins, Cloud-native computing, Edge AI, Serverless Computing, Microservices architecture (MSA), Event-driven Architecture (EDA), etc. More details can be found at https://sweetypeterdarren.wixsite.com/pethuru-raj-books. Maintain an IT Information Portal athttp://peterindia.net/Digital.htmlandThe GitHub PageMore ...Dr. Abhishek Kumar 
 Senior Member IEEE ,IEEE Brand Ambassador 
 Abhishek Kumar has a Doctorate in computer science from University of Madras and done M.tech in Computer Sci. & Engineering from Government engineering college Ajmer, Rajasthan Technical University, Kota India. He has total Academic teaching experience of more than 8 years with more than 80 publications in reputed, peer reviewed National and International Journals, books & Conferences. His research area includes- Artificial intelligence, Image processing, Computer Vision, Data Mining, Machine Learning. He has been Session chair and keynote Speaker of many International conferences webinars in India and Abroad. He has been the reviewer for IEEE and Inderscience Journal. He has authored/Co-Authored 6 books published internationally and edited 16 books (Published & ongoing with Elsevier, Wiley, IGI GLOBAL Springer Apple Academic Press, De-Grueter and CRC etc. He has been member of various National and International professional societies in the field of engineering & research like Senior Member of IEEE , IAENG (International Association of Engineers), Associate Member of IRED (Institute of Research Engineers and Doctors), He has got Sir CV Raman National award for 2018 in young researcher and faculty Category from IJRP Group.He is Editor of Special issue in the Journal Computer materials and continua [SCI and SCOPUS.IF- 4.98] and Intelligent Automation and Soft Computing [SCI, SCOPUS, IF-1.276] Cognitive Neurodynamics, Springer [SCI, SCOPUS, IF-3.925] 
 More ...Prof. Takayuki Kushida 
 Graduate School of Bionics, Computer Science and Media Science Tokyo University of Technology 
 Takayuki Kushida is professor and leads Cloud and Distributed Systems Laboratory in Tokyo University of Technology. Before he joined the university, he was in IBM Research, Tokyo Research Laboratory as a senior research staff and pursued many research projects in distributed computing technology. He was also the technical staff of IBM Research HQ in NY, U.S.A. and worked on providing the research technical strategy for worldwide research laboratories. He was also a principal cloud solution architect in IBM Global Technology Services, Bangalore, India as an international assignment and supported to make many cloud technical solutions. In the academic community, he was a director for IPSJ (Information Processing Society of Japan) to execute the strategy and operation, and editor in chief for IPSJ Journal. He is IPSJ Fellow for his research contributions to distributed systems and cloud. 
 More ...Dr. P. Rambabu, IBM, Singapore 
 IBM Distinguished Engineer, Architecture Guild Leader Cloud Hub (East) at IBM 
 Rambabu Parvatina (Ram) is an IBM Distinguished Engineer - one of the highest company’s technical honors. Ram is a recognized technical leader for his deep technical expertise in cloud computing, leadership and innovation. Ram has played a lead role in solutioning and winning high-value hybrid cloud engagements that made a huge business impact. He built the Hybrid Cloud Orchestration and Automation practice in Cloud Center of Excellence, a global team that engages with hundreds of clients every year. Ram is currently the Chief Technologist for Cloud Content Factory that drives building and deploying of Cloud Automation solutions for IBM clients. He wears another hat as Cloud Solutioning leader in Service Integration Hub, IBM Singapore and is responsible for reviewing and guiding of hybrid cloud solutions in AP & MEA regions. Ram excels in creating first-of-a-kind solutions, generating reusable assets from them, and aligning them with reference architectures. 
 More ...Patronship and Participation 
 As a Patron, you will be showing your support for advancing cloud computing technology and helping to address the unique challenges and opportunities of cloud computing in emerging markets. You have the opportunity to enjoy extraordinary visibility with our conference audience, build powerful relationships and benchmark your company strategy against key industry players within India and internationally. 
 Patrons will be prominently recognized both at the events (workshop and main conference) and on the CCEM website.CCEM 2022 provides a limited number of Patronship opportunities as outlined in the table below. Interested Patrons should contact the Industry Liaisons Chair for the conference –Sri Chandra at sri.chandra@ieee.org 
 Patronship Type | Number of Opportunities | Number of Complimentary Full Conference registrations | Company Logo placed on conference web site with link | Prominent signage identifying company as a Patron at the appropriate level | Exhibit space | Acknowledgment of Patron at the event 
 Diamond 
 USD $10000 / INR 7,00,000 | 2 | 8 
 Platinum 
 USD $7500 / INR 5,25,000 | 2 | 6 
 Gold 
 USD $5000 / INR 3,50,000 | 2 | 4 
 Startup Showcase Patron 
 USD $5000 / INR 3,50,000 | 1 | 4 
 Tutorial Sessions Patron 
 USD $2500/INR 1,75,000 | 1 | 2 
 Banquet Dinner Patron 
 USD $2500/INR 1,75,000 | 1 | 2 
 Professional Mentors Patron 
 USD $1000/INR 70,000 | 15 | 2 
 Student Project Competition Patron 
 USD $1000/INR 70,000 | 1 | 1 
 Best Paper Awards Patron 
 USD $1000/INR 70,000 | 1 | 1 
 Conference Lunch Patron 
 USD $1000/INR 70,000 | 2 | 1 
 Sponsors & Patrons 
 Sponsored by IEEE Technical Committee on Services Computing (TCSVC) 

Patrons 

Use of this Website signifies your agreement to the terms and conditions 
 |Contact & Support|Privacy & Cookies|Nondiscrimination Policy|Terms & ConditionsCopyright 2025 IEEE - All Rights Reserved. 
 href="#" - ieeeccem.org

4. Website of CCEM_3: https://www.computer.org/volunteering/boards-and-committees/standards-activities/committees/cloud
Website information of CCEM_3:

IEEE.org 
 IEEE CS Standards 
 Career Center 
 About Us 
 Subscribe to Newsletter 
 More | IEEE Standards 
 Career Center 
 About Us 
 Subscribe to Newsletter 
 Sign In 
 0 
 MEMBERSHIP | Overview | For Industry Professionals 
 For Students 
 Launch a New Career 
 Membership FAQ 
 Contact Us 
 Membership Information | Membership FAQs 
 Membership Grades 
 Special Circumstances 
 Discounts & Payments 
 Distinguished Contributor Recognition 
 Grant Programs 
 Communities | Find a Local Chapter 
 Find a Distinguished Visitor 
 About Distinguished Visitors Program 
 href="/communities/early-career-speaker-program?source=nav" - Find a Speaker on Early Career Topics 
 href="/communities/technical-committees?source=nav" - Technical Communities 
 Collabratec (Discussion Forum) 
 Current Members | Renew 
 My Profile 
 My Subscriptions 
 My Referrals 
 ComputerMagazine 
 ComputingEdgeMagazine 
 CONFERENCES | Let us help make your event a success. 
 EXPLORE PLANNING SERVICES 
 Discover Conferences | Events Calendar 
 href="/publications/author-resources/calls-for-papers?type=proceedings&source=nav" - Calls for Papers 
 Conference Proceedings 
 Conference Highlights 
 href="/conferences/top-computer-science-events?source=nav" - Top 2025 Conferences 
 Organize a Conference | Conference Sponsorship Options 
 Conference Planning Services 
 Conference Organizer Resources 
 Virtual Conference Guide 
 Conference Publishing Services | Get a Quote 
 CPS Dashboard 
 href="/conferences/cps/author-faq?source=nav" - CPS Author FAQ 
 CPS Organizer FAQ 
 PUBLICATIONS | Find the latest in advanced computing research. 
 VISIT THE DIGITAL LIBRARY 
 Discover Publications | Magazines 
 Journals 
 href="/publications/author-resources/calls-for-papers?source=nav" - Calls for Papers 
 Open Access 
 ComputingEdgeMagazine 
 Tech News Blog 
 Peer Review Resources | href="/publications/author-resources/authors?source=nav" - Author Guidelines 
 Reviewer Information 
 Guest Editor Information 
 Editor Information 
 Editor-in-Chief Information 
 Volunteer Opportunities 
 Additional Resources | Podcasts 
 Video Library 
 My Subscriptions 
 Member Benefits 
 Institutional Library Subscriptions 
 Advertising and Sponsorship 
 EDUCATION & CAREER | href="" - Research | Magazines 
 Journals 
 Conference Proceedings 
 Video Library 
 ComputingEdgeMagazine 
 Tech News Blog 
 Education & Career | Code of Ethics 
 Educational Webinars 
 Online Education 
 Certifications 
 Podcasts 
 Career Center 
 Industry & Trends | Tech News Blog 
 href="/resources/whitepapers-webinars?source=nav" - Industry Webinars & Whitepapers 
 href="/resources#reports?source=nav" - Research Reports 
 Bodies of Knowledge 
 Standards 
 CS for Industry Professionals 
 Additional Resources | Resource Library 
 Newsletters 
 Women in Computing 
 Recruiting 
 Press Room 
 Digital Library Access 
 VOLUNTEER | Get Involved | Organize a Conference 
 Run a Publication 
 Become a Distinguished Speaker 
 href="/volunteering/upcoming-calls-for-participation" - Participate in Standards Activities 
 href="/publications/author-resources#peerreview?source=nav" - Peer Review Content 
 Volunteer Opportunities 
 href="/publications/author-resources?source=nav" - Publish | href="/publications/author-resources?source=nav" - Author Resources 
 href="/publications/author-resources/calls-for-papers?source=nav" - Calls for Papers 
 Publish Open Access 
 href="/conferences/cps/author-faq?source=nav" - CPS Author FAQ 
 Leadership Network | Society Leadership 
 Boards & Committees 
 href="/communities/technical-committees?source=nav" - Technical Communities 
 Local Chapters 
 Community Resources | Governance Resources 
 Conference Organizer Resources 
 Conference Publishing Services 
 href="/publications/author-resources/peer-review/journals/editor-in-chief?source=nav" - Editor Information 
 Chapter Resources 
 Elections 
 ABOUT | About the Society | About Us 
 About the Board of Governors 
 Board of Governors Members 
 Emerging Technology Grants 
 Humanitarian Impact 
 Communities | Boards & Committees 
 href="/communities/technical-committees?source=nav" - Technical Communities 
 Find a Local Chapter 
 Open Volunteer Opportunities 
 Awards & Recognition | Award Recipients 
 Fellows 
 Student Scholarships & Awards 
 Nominate an Election Candidate 
 Nominate a Colleague 
 Partnerships & Society News | Corporate Partnerships 
 Conference Sponsorships & Exhibits 
 Advertising 
 Recruitment 
 Press Room 
 JOIN US 
 MORE | Publications 
 Education & Career 
 Volunteer 
 About 
 Home/Volunteering/Boards and Committees/Standards Activities Board/Standards CommitteesIEEE Cloud Computing Standards Committee 
 Learn more about the IEEE Cloud Computing Standards Committee, it's mission, chair, working groups, and more. 
 Share this on:The IEEE Cloud Computing Standards Committee (CCSC) is chartered by the IEEE Computer Society Standards Activities Board to promote the development of standards in all aspects of the cloud computing ecosystem. It facilitates the development and use of standards-based choices by cloud computing ecosystem participants (cloud vendors, service providers, and users) in areas such as cloud application interfaces, cloud portability interfaces, cloud management interfaces, cloud interoperability interfaces, cloud file formats, and cloud operation conventions. 
 Stakeholders are Cloud vendors, service providers, and users in areas such as cloud application interfaces, cloud portability interfaces, cloud management interfaces, cloud interoperability interfaces, cloud file formats, and cloud operation conventions. 
 STANDARDS COMMITTEE WEBSITE 
 Active Standards 
 IEEE Std. 2301-2020 Guide for Cloud Portability and Interoperability Profiles (CPIP) 
 Approved by Standards Board: 30 January 2020 
 Chair: Brian D’Andrade 
 This guide advises cloud computing ecosystem participants (cloud vendors, service providers, and users) of standards-based choices in areas such as application interfaces, portability interfaces, management interfaces, interoperability interfaces, file formats, software bill of materials, and operation conventions. This guide groups these choices into multiple logical profiles, which are organized to address different cloud roles. 
 Need for the Standard:The cloud landscape today consists of multiple independent and incompatible cloud vendors and providers, based on both proprietary and open architectures. These clouds have application interfaces, portability interfaces, management interfaces, interoperability interfaces, file formats, operation conventions, and visible dependencies of many kinds. The industry will have many implementation choices for Cloud Computing systems, with a variety of different features or value added. However, the accidental proliferation of incompatible and semantically different interfaces, formats, and conventions is not in anyone’s interest. Most cloud ecosystem participants would prefer to align with or reuse generally accepted, common, or standardized conventions for these elements. Individual industry groups and standards organizations are working to create definitions for many of these interfaces, formats, and conventions; however, these are largely independent efforts and are not grouped into logical profiles. This guide will promote greater commonality and efficiency in the cloud ecosystem. 
 Stakeholders for the Standard:Cloud consumers, Cloud service providers, Cloud equipment manufacturers, Cloud software developers, Cloud exchange operators, Cloud registration authorities, Governments. 
 IEEE Std. 2302-2021 Standard for Intercloud Interoperability and Federation (SIIF) 
 Approved by Standards Board: 08 December 2021 
 Chair: Bob Bohn, Vice-chair: Martial Michel 
 A functional model for federation based on the NIST Cloud Federation Reference Architecture is defined in this standard. This model allows a range of deployment topologies and governance. As a general federation model, it can be applied to many application domains using different implementation approaches. As such, it includes cloud-to-cloud federation and interoperability. 
 Need for the Standard:The cloud landscape today consists of multiple independent and incompatible cloud offerings, based on both proprietary and open architectures. The growth of the Internet was facilitated by the creation of an interoperable service marketplace between Internet service consumers and Internet service providers. Clouds today do not interoperate, resulting in absolute limitations in geographical coverage, resource functionality, and resource scalability. A cloud provider may not have resources where a cloud consumer needs them; a cloud provider may not offer the type of resource needed; and a cloud provider’s resources cannot be infinitely elastic. Intercloud interoperability and federation solve all these problems. This is analogous to the interconnected economy that evolved amongst telephony service providers. This facilitated the original global long distance network for voice, and more recently today’s cellular world where one provider’s customers can “roam” on another provider’s network. 
 Stakeholders for the Standard:Cloud consumers, Cloud service providers, Cloud equipment manufacturers, Cloud software developers, Cloud exchange operators, Cloud registration authorities, Governments. 
 Active Working Groups 
 IEEE P2301 Revision to IEEE Standard 2301-2020 Guide for Cloud Portability and Interoperability Profiles (CPIP) 
 PAR Approved by Standards Board: February 2023 
 Chair: Ruby Subash 
 This guide advises cloud computing ecosystem participants (cloud vendors, service providers, and users) of standards-based choices in areas such as application interfaces, portability interfaces, management interfaces, interoperability interfaces, file formats, software bill of materials, and operation conventions. This guide groups these choices into multiple logical profiles, which are organized to address different cloud roles. 
 Change to Need for the Project:The cloud landscape today is highly dynamic and continually evolving, and it consists of multiple independent and potentially incompatible cloud vendors and providers, based on both proprietary and open architectures. This IEEE Std 2301 needs to be updated at a similar cadence as industry and/or incorporate suitable mechanisms to remain relevant to a changing landscape and security considerations. Clouds can have many different application interfaces, portability interfaces, management interfaces, interoperability interfaces, file formats, operation conventions, and visible dependencies of many kinds. The industry will have many implementation choices for Cloud Computing systems, with a variety of different features or value added. However, the accidental proliferation of incompatible and semantically different interfaces, formats, and conventions is not in anyone’s interest. Most cloud ecosystem participants would prefer to align with or reuse generally accepted, common, or standardized conventions for these elements. Individual industry groups and standards organizations are working to create definitions for many of these interfaces, formats, and conventions; however, these are largely independent efforts and are not grouped into logical profiles. This guide will promote greater commonality , security, and efficiency in the cloud ecosystem. 
 Change to Stakeholders:Cloud consumers, Cloud service providers, Cloud equipment manufacturers, Cloud software developers, Cloud exchange operators, Cloud registration authorities, Governments, Educational, Military. 
 IEEE P2303 Standard for Adaptive Management of Cloud Computing Environments 
 PAR Approved by Standards Board: 10 Nov 2022 
 Chair: Joel Fleck II 
 This standard defines foundational material crucial for the adaptive management of cloud computing ecosystems. Material within the scope of the standard includes: a vocabulary built upon existing cloud computing standards vocabularies, a description of a set of adaptive management classifications based on time, autonomy and operational scales, a conceptual adaptive management framework which describes the basic building blocks of the adaptive management standard and the core functionality of each. Finally, the standard includes a set of cloud computing use cases that are used to guide the development of the standard. 
 Need for the Project:Standards for cloud computing environments are being developed at a rapid pace. Unfortunately, one area of cloud computing standardization that is conspicuously missing is the management needed to support, maintain and manage the highly dynamic nature inherently provided by cloud computing environments. The goal of this project is to lay the foundational elements needed for the specification and development of a management environment that works along-side a cloud computing service delivery environment to assure that services are delivered to customers in a timely, cost-efficient manner while maintaining the dynamic re-configurability promised by cloud computing architectures. 
 Stakeholders for the Standard:Cloud consumers, Cloud service providers, Cloud equipment manufacturers, Cloud software developers, Cloud exchange operators. 
 Related IEEE Technical Communities 
 href="http://tab.computer.org/tcsvc/" - IEEE Technical Community on Services Computing
Services Computing has been recognized as an important science and engeering discipline that aims to advance the technologies required for innovatively bridging the gap between users and Information & Communication Technology (ICT) infrastructures. Technical Community on Services Computing (TCSVC) of IEEE Computer Society focuses on advancing transdiciplinary services computing technologies with worldwide research and development (R&D) leaders in academia and industry. It commits to Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) with support for related local activities and worldwide events at the conferences it sponsors. 
 Related IEEE-Sponsored Conferences 
 IEEE SERVICES 2024 
 href="https://2024.pcw.ieeeccem.org/" - IEEE International Conference on Cloud Computing in Emerging Markets (CCEM) 
 Recommended by IEEE Computer Society 
 Participate in Standards Development for Point Cloud Compression (IEEE P3366.1) 
 href="/publications/tech-news/research/hardware-security-emerging-technologies" - 
href="/publications/tech-news/research/hardware-security-emerging-technologies" - Hardware Security for Emerging Technologies
href="/publications/tech-news/research/reinforcement-learning-to-strengthen-dnns" - 
href="/publications/tech-news/research/reinforcement-learning-to-strengthen-dnns" - ARLA: Using Reinforcement Learning to Strengthen DNNs
IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering (TSE) Celebrates 50 Years of Excellence with Special Issue 
 href="/publications/tech-news/research/advml-ai-achilles-heel" - 
href="/publications/tech-news/research/advml-ai-achilles-heel" - AdvML: AI’s Achilles Heel
href="/publications/tech-news/research/growing-your-ai-iq" - 
href="/publications/tech-news/research/growing-your-ai-iq" - Growing Your AI IQ: A Guide to Building AI Competence
Modernizing Software Testing: The Impact of Container Technologies 
 AI Design Patterns: Understanding RAG Pattern 
 Sign up for our newsletter. 
 EMAIL ADDRESS 
 IEEE COMPUTER SOCIETY 
 About Us 
 Board of Governors 
 Newsletters 
 Press Room 
 IEEE Support Center 
 Contact Us 
 DIGITAL LIBRARY 
 Magazines 
 Journals 
 Conference Proceedings 
 Video Library 
 Librarian Resources 
 COMPUTING RESOURCES 
 Career Center 
 Courses & Certifications 
 Webinars 
 Podcasts 
 Tech News 
 Membership 
 COMMUNITY RESOURCES 
 Governance 
 Conference Organizers 
 href="https://www.computer.org/publications/author-resources" - Authors 
 Chapters 
 Communities 
 BUSINESS SOLUTIONS 
 Corporate Partnerships 
 Conference Sponsorships & Exhibits 
 Advertising 
 Recruiting 
 Digital Library Institutional Subscriptions 
  
 POLICIES 
 Privacy 
 Accessibility Statement 
 IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
 IEEE Ethics Reporting 
 XML Sitemap 
 ©IEEE — All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions. 
 A public charity, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity. 
 Search computer.orgSearch 
 Search computer.orgSearch 
 Sign In

