Conference CLEI:

Skip to contentNo results 
 href="https://conferencia2025.clei.org/en/home/" - Home 
 href="https://conferencia2025.clei.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/5/2025/03/CFP-CLEI2025_0202_v1_English.pdf" - Call for Papers 
 English | href="https://conferencia2025.clei.org/pt/inicio-pt/" - Português 
 href="https://conferencia2025.clei.org/" - Español 
 href="https://twitter.com/clei_la" - 
href="https://conferencia2025.clei.org/en/home/" - 51 CLEI 2025
href="https://conferencia2025.clei.org/en/home/" - Home 
 href="https://conferencia2025.clei.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/5/2025/03/CFP-CLEI2025_0202_v1_English.pdf" - Call for Papers 
 English | href="https://conferencia2025.clei.org/pt/inicio-pt/" - Português 
 href="https://conferencia2025.clei.org/" - Español 
 Search 
 51stLatin American Informatics Conference (CLEI) 
 href="https://conferencia2025.clei.org/en/home/" - 51 CLEI 2025
Menu 
 51 CLEI 2025 
 CLEI invites papers reporting results of a theoretical and/or practical nature that advance the state of the art or present relevant applications or cases in the areas of interest of the symposia and associated events. CLEI LI will take place in Valparaiso, Chile as Event XXX 2025, which is composed of 5 tracks, 6 associated events and 2 parallel events. 
 The Latin American Conference on Informatics (CLEI) is an annual event organized by the Latin American Center for Informatics Studies, and has been held since 1974, itinerantly throughout Latin American countries.CLEI is the most important Latin American space for the exchange of ideas, experiences and research results among researchers, professionals, teachers and students of Computer Science and Informatics, as well as their technological applications. Its objective is the exchange of ideas, experiences and research results in areas of interest to the community, through conferences, workshops, tutorials and panels. 
 Organización 
 Enlaces directos 
 Contacto 
 clei2025@pucv.cl 
 Copyright © 2025 - WordPress Theme byCreativeThemes 

Call for Papers information:


 
Call for Papers - CLEI 2025 
The Latin American Informatics Conference (CLEI 2025) invites the academic and professional community 
to  submit  original  papers  reporting  theoretical  and/or  practical  results  that  advance  the  state  of  the  art  in  
Computer Science and Informatics or present applications relevant to industry and society. CLEI 2025 will take 
place in Valparaíso, Chile, from October 27 to November 1, 2025. Additionally, it will be held jointly with the 
Chilean Conference on Computing (JCC2025) and IEEE ChileCon 2025. 
Important Dates: 
- Submission deadline: May 18, 2025 
- Notification of acceptance: July 6, 2025 
- Camera-ready submission: August 10, 2025 
The articles should be submitted in PDF format, adhering to the IEEE template available at: IEEE Conference 
Templates. The presentations of accepted papers will take place during the thematic sessions of the conference. 
The best papers will be invited to submit an extended version to indexed journals associated with the event. 
Tracks and Topics:  
Software  Systems -  Includes  (but  is  not  limited  to):  Software  Engineering,  Software  Analysis  and  Testing,  
Quality,  Maintenance  and  Evolution  of  Systems,  Mining  and  Analysis  of  Code  Repositories,  Software  
Engineering for Artificial Intelligence, Computing Theory, Human Aspects of Software Engineering. 
Intelligent  Systems -  Focused  on  computer  systems  that  emulate  or  enhance  human  cognitive  abilities,  
including (but not limited to): Data Science, Big Data, Operations Research, and the following aspects of Artificial 
Intelligence: AI and Natural Language Processing, AI and Knowledge Representation, Formal Reasoning in AI, 
AI and Ethics, Bias in AI Algorithms, Explainable AI, Human-in-the-loop AI, AI in Healthcare, AI in Biology and 
Chemistry,  AI  in  Autonomous  Vehicles,  AI  in  Finance,  AI  in  Education,  AI  and  Climate  Change,  AI  in  
Cybersecurity, AI Regulation and Governance, AI in Entertainment, AI and Operations Research, AI and Industry 
4.0, AI and Simulation. 
Systems in Practice - Focused on computer systems deployed in productive or social environments, including 
(but   not   limited   to):   Human-Computer   Interaction,   High-Performance   Computing,   Bioinformatics   and   
Chemoinformatics, and Applications in Industry/Government/Society. 
Computer  Technologies - Specialized  technologies  not  covered  in  other  tracks,  such  as:  IoT,  Blockchain,  
Cloud/Edge    Computing,    High-Performance    Computing,    Fault    Tolerance,    Communication    Networks,    
Cybersecurity,  Virtual/Augmented  Reality,  Digital  Ecosystems,  Integrability,  Innovation  in  Digital  Ecosystems,  
Industry 4.0, etc. 
Computer Science Education - Includes (but is not limited to): Interdisciplinary Factors in Computer Science 
and   Informatics   Education,   Introductory   Course   Education,   Didactics   of   Informatics,   Issues   and   Their   
Approaches,  Teaching-Learning  Tools  and  Experiences,  University-Industry  Partnership  Models,  Human  
Aspects in Education.
 

Submission Formats: 
Full Papers: Self-contained works with a maximum length of 10 pages. 
Work-in-Progress Papers: Ongoing work, with a maximum length of 4 pages. 
"Journal First" Papers: Papers published between 2023 and 2025 in an indexed journal, on topics relevant to 
CLEI 2025. 
 
Papers must be written in Spanish, Portuguese, or English. 
Associated Events: 
Latin  American  Master&#39;s  Thesis  Competition  (CLTM)  - Submitted  theses  must  have  been  defended  
between April 1, 2024 and March 31, 2025 (strict period), be approved at the time of submission, and have been 
conducted at CLEI member institutions. The three best theses will be awarded, based on the evaluation by the 
program committee and the CLTM chairs. Thesis work is individual and, therefore, does not admit co-authorship. 
Co-authored abstracts will not be considered. 
Latin American PhD Thesis Competition (CLTD) - Submitted theses must have been defended between April 
1, 2024, and March 31, 2025 (strict period), be approved at the time of submission, and have been conducted 
at CLEI member institutions. The three best theses will be awarded, based on the evaluation by the program 
committee  and  the  CLTD  chairs.  Thesis  work  is  individual  and,  therefore,  does  not  admit  co-authorship.  Co-
authored abstracts will not be considered. 
Congress of Latin American Women in Computing (LAWCC) - The main objective of LAWCC is to highlight 
the  research,  interests,  and  achievements  of  women  in  various  computing  fields,  with  the  intention  of  
encouraging more women's active participation in the technology sector. The presented papers aim to showcase 
the  challenges  that  women  face  in  STEM  (Science,  Technology,  Engineering,  and  Mathematics),  ICT  
(Information and Communication Technologies), teaching, and in the labor and research fields. Papers should 
address recurring gender-related issues and their interaction with society in this context. 
Latin American Workshop on Quantum Software Engineering (TLISC) - As quantum computing evolves and 
becomes  applicable,  the  need  for  systematic,  disciplined,  and  quantifiable  approaches  to  the  development,  
operation, and maintenance of quantum software (and the classical software it integrates with) grows. Much of 
what  we  have  learned  from  decades  of  research,  innovation,  and  development  in  Software  Engineering  is  
applicable  to  this  new  quantum-classical  hybrid  reality.  However,  this  new  context  presents  questions,  
challenges, and opportunities; identifying, characterizing, and addressing them is the focus of Quantum Software 
Engineering. This workshop aims to be a discussion forum, with special interest in mobilizing the Latin American 
community,  on  how  to  produce  quantum  software  considering  the  lessons  learned  from  classical  software  
engineering, showcasing novel approaches. 
Latin American School of Informatics (ELI) - The Latin American School of Informatics provides courses of 
interest  to  undergraduate,  graduate  students,  and  professionals  using  hybrid  platforms.  The  course  proposal  
process within ELI is similar to paper submission at the conference, meaning they are evaluated by an academic 
committee that will select a set of courses for the 2025 edition. ELI's planned topics cover all areas of computer 
science and engineering. 
Latin American Symposium on Dependable and Secure Computing (LADC) - This symposium is the main 
event on system dependability and secure computing in Latin America. Now in its 14th edition, it is promoted by 
the  Special  Committee  on  Fault-Tolerant  Systems  (CE-TF)  of  the  Brazilian  Computer  Society  (SBC).  It  will  

feature technical sessions, workshops, tutorials, fast abstracts, keynote talks by international experts in the field, 
and an industrial segment. The symposium covers recent research on software and system dependability. For 
more information, visit the LADC website: https://ladc.sbc.org.br/2025  
Parallel Events 
Chilean Conference on Computing (JCC 2025) - The Chilean Conference on Computing (JCC) is 
the  most  important  scientific  event  organized  in  Chile  in  the  field  of  Computer  Science  and  Informatics.  This  
event  has  been  held  uninterruptedly  since  1993,  being  jointly  organized  by  the  Chilean  Computer  Science  
Society  and  one  of  the  Chilean  universities,  including  Universidad  de  Chile,  Pontificia  Universidad  Católica,  
Universidad  de  Santiago,  Universidad  Austral  de  Chile,  Universidad  de  Concepción,  Universidad  de  Talca,  
Universidad Técnica Federico Santa María, Universidad Católica del Norte, Universidad Arturo Prat, Universidad 
de  Tarapacá,  Universidad  de  La  Serena,  Universidad  San  Sebastián,  Universidad  Católica  de  la  Santísima  
Concepción.  In  this  edition,  JCC  2025  will  take  place  at  the  Pontificia  Universidad  Católica  de  Valparaíso  
(PUCV). 
IEEE  ChileCon  2025  - The  IEEE  CHILECON  conference  involves  technical  activities  organized  by  the  
Chilean  IEEE  sections  and  chapters,  held  in  Chile  every  two  years.  The  conference  aims  to  promote  the  
advancement  of  theory,  development,  and  applications  in  Electrical,  Electronic,  Computer,  and  Industrial  
Engineering,  continuous  education  for  its  members  and  students,  and  cooperation  and  collaboration  among  
professionals,  academics,  and  students.  Previous  editions  of  this  conference  have  received  over  200  
submissions from Chile, Latin America, and abroad, which are carefully reviewed by an international program 
committee. Accepted papers presented at the conference are published in IEEE Xplore and submitted to Scopus 
for indexing. 
 
 