Conference full name: International CSI Computer Conference (CSICC)

1. Website of CSICC_2: https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/
Website information of CSICC_2:

Skip to contentFAENMain Menuhref="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/" - Home 
 About ‌ | Menu Toggle | href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/conference-tracks/" - About The Conference 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/call-for-papers/" - Call For Papers 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/sponsors/" - Sponsors 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/news/" - Conference News 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/conference-poster/" - Conference Poster 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/conference-catalogue/" - Conference Catalogue 
 href="#" - Paper Submission ‌ | Menu Toggle | href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/paper-submission/" - Paper Submission 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/code-of-ethics/" - Code Of Ethics 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/camera-ready/" - Camera-Ready Submission 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/accepted-papers/" - Accepted Papers 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/best-thesis/" - رساله‌ی برتر 
 Registration ‌ | Menu Toggle | href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/registration/" - Conference Registration 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/visa-and-accommodation/" - Visa And Accommodation 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/workshop-register/" - Workshop Registration 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/important-dates/" - Important Dates 
 Committee ‌ | Menu Toggle | Scientific Committee 
 Organizing Committee 
 Program ‌ | Menu Toggle | href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/keynote-speakers/" - Keynote Speakers 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/call-for-workshops/" - Call For Workshops 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/workshop-schedule/" - Workshop Schedule 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/conference-program/" - Conference Schedule 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/contact-us/" - Contact Us 
 29th International Computer Conference 
 Computer Society of Iran 
 February 5-6, 2025 
 Sharif University of Technology 
 About Conference 
 The Computer Society of Iran and Sharif University of Technology are holding the 29th International Computer Conference with the aim of developing the computer knowledge and technology. The conference focuses on fundamental, strategic and development aspects of the computer science. All researchers, academics and engineers are invited to submit papers and participate in the conference, by exchanging the knowledge to make the conference more productive and effective. 
 Exclusive code:03241–63703 
 Sponsors 
 Conference News 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/catalogue-update/" - 
href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/catalogue-update/" - Conference Catalogue Update
February 21, 2025 
 به اطلاع می‌رساند، کتابچه بیست و نهمین کنفرانس بین‌المللی کامپیوتر انجمن کامپیوتر ایران، بروزرسانی شده است. 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/catalogue-update/" - Read More
href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/conference-schedule-notice/" - 
href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/conference-schedule-notice/" - Conference Schedule Announcement
February 3, 2025 
 The schedule of 29th International Computer Conference of the Iranian Computer Association have been announced. 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/conference-schedule-notice/" - Read More
href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/workshop-registration-extension/" - 
href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/workshop-registration-extension/" - Workshop Registration Deadline Extension
January 30, 2025 
 The registration deadline of workshops of the 29th International Computer Conference has been extended to February 2nd. 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/workshop-registration-extension/" - Read More
href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/accepted-papers-notification/" - 
href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/accepted-papers-notification/" - Accepted Papers Notification
January 23, 2025 
 The accepted papers of 29th International Computer Conference of the Iranian Computer Association have been announced. 
 href="https://csicc2025.csi.org.ir/en/accepted-papers-notification/" - Read More
Submission Deadline 
 0 
 Years 
 : 
 0 
 Months 
 : 
 0 
 Days 
 : 
 0 
 Hrs 
 : 
 0 
 Mins 
 : 
 0 
 Secs 
 29th International Computer Conference 
 Computer Society of Iran 
 February 5-6, 2025 
 Related Links 
 Sharif University of Technology 
 Computer Society of Iran 
 href="https://www.msrt.ir/fa" - Ministry of Science, Research and Technology of Iran (MSRT) 
 href="https://csi.org.ir/csicc2022/en/index.html" - CSICC 2022 
 href="http://csicc2020.iust.ac.ir/en/" - CSICC 2020 
 Copyright CSICC 2025 © All rights reserved for the Computer Society of Iran.

2. Website of CSICC_2: https://csinternational.net/
Website information of CSICC_2:

Co-located with,and+44 (0)24 76718970info@csinternational.net7 | th | - 9 | th | APRIL 2025, BRUSSELS, BELGIUM 
 CONTACT 
 SPONSORSHIP 
 REGISTER 
 REGISTERCONTACTHome 
 Agenda | Agenda 
 Abstracts 
 Themes 
 Speakers | Speakers 
 Speaker Portal 
 Sponsors | Sponsors 
 Exhibitor List 
 Sponsor Portal 
 Attendee List Scams 
 Past Events | 2024 Event 
 2023 Event 
 2022 Event 
 2021 Event 
 2019 Event 
 2018 Event 
 2017 Event 
 2016 Event 
 2015 Event 
 2014 Event 
 Register 
 Venue 
 Magazine 
 Get Involved | Sponsor Mediapack 
 Sponsor Portal 
 Sponsor FAQs 
 Speaker Portal 
 Speaker FAQs 
 Marketing Toolkit 
 Booking Accomodation 
 Contact 
 More | Contact 
 Magazine 
 Register 
 7 - 9 April 2025, Brussels, Belgium | Connecting the compound semiconductor community | Over 800 delegates and 90 exhibitors | REGISTER NOW | GET INVOLVED 
 CONNECTING THE CS INDUSTRYThe 15th CS International builds on the strengths of its predecessors, with around 40 leaders from industry and academia delivering presentations that fall within five key themes: GaN: Going beyond fast charging; Maintaining momentum for the microLED; Optimising opportunities for SiC success; Expanding the emission envelope; and Ultra-wide bandgap materials: The ultimate devices. 
 Those attending these sessions will be rewarded with greater insight into device technologies while learning of the latest opportunities and trends within the compound semiconductor industry. Delegates will also discover significant advances in tools and processes that enable enhanced yield and throughput. 
 CS International is part of the AngelTech series of events, which has produced for over 15 years, a portfolio of insightful, informative, and highly valued chip-level conferences. Attracting more than 800 delegates and 80+ exhibitors consisting of co-located AngelTech Executive Strategy Summit, Photonic Integrated Circuit International , and Power Electronics International , plus a single exhibition area, delegates can dip in and out of every session to put together their own tailor-made programme by selecting from over 130+ invited talks, delivered by leaders of the most innovative global companies of today. 
 With a significant overlap between the three conferences, attendees and exhibitors are exposed to the full relevant supply chains and customer and supplier bases. 
 href="/register" - Register for 2025
Visit AngelTech WebsiteSponsorship OpportunitiesWhy Attend? 
 The must attend industry event with influencers and innovators under one roof. 
 Why Sponsor? 
 Raise brand awareness and corporate recognition over a 10 month period. 
 Themes 
 Explore the Key Themes to be covered at CS International. 
 CS International will be co-located with Photonic Integrated Circuits International 
 CS International is part of 
 CS International will be co-located with Power Electronics International 
 CS International 2025 Sponsors 
 Platinum 
 Gold 
 Theme 
 Lanyard 
 Delegate Bag 
 Pen & Pad 
 Media Partners 
 Organised By 
 ×About Vertilas 
 VERTILAS GmbH, headquartered in Garching (near Munich), Germany, develops, produces and markets innovative laser diodes for optical communications, gas sensing (TDLS), 3D sensing and customer specific applications. 
 VERTILAS is one of the leading global providers in the field of long wavelength Vertical Cavity Surface Emitting Laser diodes (VCSEL). VERTILAS’ unique Indium Phosphide (InP) VCSEL technology offers a wavelength range of 1.3 µm to 2.3 µm and has been proven for 20 years in a variety of demanding markets. VERTILAS® VCSELs features high performance and enable system designers to reduce power consumption by 50% and more compared with other lasers technologies. 
 Find out moreClose×About Angel Business Communications 
 Angel Business Communications was established in 1981 and is a leading business-to-business (B2B) media, conference, awards and exhibition organiser. Serving a wide range of markets worldwide, our creative and highly skilled teams provide quality service to many high tech industries. 
  
 We pride ourselves on customer service and business retention, with our forward-thinking approach to marketing solutions utilising leading-edge platforms. These include everything from mobile apps and technology, to online, digital and traditional print media. 
 Find out moreClose×About Compound Semiconductor China 
 Compound Semiconductor magazine (alongside compoundsemiconductor.net) is the primary information resource for professionals working with compound semiconductor materials and devices. Each issue of the magazine is distributed in print and digitally to over 60,000 professionals worldwide. Compound Semiconductor magazine is also distributed at various global industry events throughout the year. Our global and qualified audience of buyers is the largest and most diverse served by any compound semiconductor focused magazine. Our readers rely on our strategic articles and reviews to help make decisions that will influence supplier choices. 
 Find out moreClose×About PIC Magazine 
 The PIC portfolio (magazine, website, newsletters, and event) provides multiple platforms to strengthen the links between all major players within the photonic integrated circuit (PIC) ecosystem. The magazine explores advances by major manufacturers that focus on photonic integration as well as the work of researchers and PIC start-ups. PIC magazine regularly chronicles new research including initiatives sponsored by the European commission and international institutes. PIC magazine details exciting new products while offering insightful market analyses and details about ways that existing and emerging standards are helping to create a development environment built to help PIC research and manufacturing to thrive. we explore underlying technological advances tied to silicon photonics (SiP), III‐Vs, photonic materials science, test & measurement as well as manufacturing automation. 
 Find out moreClose×About Silicon Semiconductor China 
 SILICON SEMICONDUCTOR MAGAZINE provides unique insights into the global design and manufacturing supply chain. As a fundamental enabling technology, semiconductors play essential roles in every aspect of modern electronics including the Internet of Things (IoT) and its manufacturing counterpart, the industrial IoT. Whether transforming a device or system by connecting it to the internet, or by adding sensors with advanced capabilities, the semiconductor market continues to expand at an accelerated pace. 
  
 Although experts debate the long-term potential of IoT devices to reshape semiconductor manufacturing, most agree that delivering on its market-changing potential will depend upon many factors aligning to affect the IoT. To handle billions or trillions of data-transmitting devices, IoT networks need to shift toward unlicensed spectrum. This in turn will necessitate more secure communications protocols and device-level security along with greater integration, lower maintenance, and ultra-low power requirements. Tomorrow’s growth hinges on new technologies, 2022 is certain to bring excitement as the world continues to grow its appetite for products made possible by next-generation semiconductors. What opportunities will we see? Could growth reverse course? Will AI and machine learning drive (or deflate) IoT expectations? Will new European or North American centres emerge as power players? Silicon Semiconductor magazine delivers keen insight into new and evolving technologies. Whether the topic is growth, reversals, or product and process innovation, look to Silicon Semiconductor for greater appreciation of ways that markets and technology interact to shape tomorrow’s futures, and fortunes. 
 Find out moreClose×About Compound Semiconductor Magazine 
 Compound Semiconductor magazine (alongside compoundsemiconductor.net) is the primary information resource for professionals working with compound semiconductor materials and devices. Each issue of the magazine is distributed in print and digitally to over 60,000 professionals worldwide. Compound Semiconductor magazine is also distributed at various global industry events throughout the year. Our global and qualified audience of buyers is the largest and most diverse served by any compound semiconductor focused magazine. Our readers rely on our strategic articles and reviews to help make decisions that will influence supplier choices. 
 Find out moreClose×About Silicon Semiconductor Magazine 
 SILICON SEMICONDUCTOR MAGAZINE provides unique insights into the global design and manufacturing supply chain. As a fundamental enabling technology, semiconductors play essential roles in every aspect of modern electronics including the Internet of Things (IoT) and its manufacturing counterpart, the industrial IoT. Whether transforming a device or system by connecting it to the internet, or by adding sensors with advanced capabilities, the semiconductor market continues to expand at an accelerated pace. 
  
 Although experts debate the long-term potential of IoT devices to reshape semiconductor manufacturing, most agree that delivering on its market-changing potential will depend upon many factors aligning to affect the IoT. To handle billions or trillions of data-transmitting devices, IoT networks need to shift toward unlicensed spectrum. This in turn will necessitate more secure communications protocols and device-level security along with greater integration, lower maintenance, and ultra-low power requirements. Tomorrow’s growth hinges on new technologies, 2022 is certain to bring excitement as the world continues to grow its appetite for products made possible by next-generation semiconductors. What opportunities will we see? Could growth reverse course? Will AI and machine learning drive (or deflate) IoT expectations? Will new European or North American centres emerge as power players? Silicon Semiconductor magazine delivers keen insight into new and evolving technologies. Whether the topic is growth, reversals, or product and process innovation, look to Silicon Semiconductor for greater appreciation of ways that markets and technology interact to shape tomorrow’s futures, and fortunes. 
 Find out moreClose×About Angel Events 
 Angel Events emerges as a creation of Angel Business Communications, a reputable presence in the publishing and events industry since 1981. 
  
 Our proprietary, feature-rich platform, meticulously developed in-house, empowers your event team to seamlessly upload, oversee, and instantaneously print attendee badges at the event site. Bundled with excellence, Angel Events boasts an array of great features: 
  
 Angel Events comes bundled with great features including: 
 100% Customisable Artwork 
 High-Quality, Sustainable & Recyclable Materials 
 Intuitive User Interface for Effortless Interaction 
 Real-Time Insights into Attendee Presence 
 Cutting-Edge Lead Scanning Capabilities 
 Find out moreClose×About Vistec Electron Beam 
 As a long-standing equipment supplier, Vistec Electron Beam GmbH is providing leading technology solutions for advanced electron-beam lithography (EBL). Based on the Variable Shaped Beam (VSB) principle, the electron-beam lithography systems are mainly utilized for semiconductor manufacturing applications, as silicon and compound semiconductor direct write and mask writing as well as integrated optics, silicon photonics and several new emerging markets and advanced research. The company is located in Jena, Germany and maintains service & support centers in Europe, Asia & in the US. 
 Find out moreClose×About Power Electronics World Magazine 
 Power Electronics (PE) refers to devices that convert electrical energy from one form to another, such as DC to AC inverters, or from one voltage to another. Power electronics is used in various industries such as automotive, electricity generation and distribution, ICT, consumer electronics, aviation/aerospace and defence; consumer electronics and power distribution infrastructure are key growth segments. The global power electronics market is expected to reach USD $39.22 billion by 2025, according to Grand View Research, Inc. 
  
 Technological advancements offering greater power efficiency and increasing applications for power electronics are driving widespread PE market growth. On-going digitilisation programmes enabling greater PE adoption, paired with growth in renewable energy (power inverters/grid connectivity, etc.) are additional growth drivers. The increasing demand for higher density power devices in consumer and commercial electronics are also positively impacting growth. 
  
 The applications of power electronic devices are expanding across various sectors, especially in the automobile industry. The evolution of electric vehicles (EVs), higher EV adoption levels to curb greenhouse gas emissions, and their use in hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs) are important factors increasing PE demand by automotive manufacturers. In addition, the increase in infotainment and ADAS applications within automobiles creates greater demand for sophisticated on-board energy and control systems. Power electronics continues to play key roles in defence and aviation sectors in addition to healthcare, datacom and telecom applications. 
  
 Today, global PE manufacturers expect real breakthroughs and growth opportunities to come from the continuing development and evolution of wide bandgap (WBG) technologies including Silicon Carbide (SiC), Gallium Nitride (GaN) and Gallium Arsenide (GaAs), with most PE expansion utilizing GaN and SiC technologies. GaN is expected to be the major WBG semiconductor for the replacement of silicon-based applications less than 600 volts, while SiC-based devices are already seeing widespread applications at higher voltages. GaN products are expected to gradually replace incumbent silicon technologies within radio frequency (RF) and power supply applications. At the same time, IC manufacturers focused on new silicon PE solutions continue to improve their offerings. While some challenges remain in bringing the high efficiency/smaller size promise of GaN and SiC solutions to market with high reliability at competitive costs, the hurdles that held back GaN and SiC are rapidly falling by the wayside. 
  
 PEW will reflect the changing industry through its feature article, webinars and news coverage. 
 Find out moreClose×About Rigaku 
 Since its foundation in 1951, Rigaku has been at the forefront of analytical and industrial instrumentation technology. With hundreds of important innovations, the Rigaku Group is now a world leader in general X-ray diffraction, thin-film analysis, X-ray fluorescence spectrometry, small-angle X-ray scattering, X-ray crystallography of proteins and small molecules, Raman spectroscopy, X-ray optics, semiconductor metrology, X-ray sources, computed tomography, non-destructive testing and thermal analysis. Rigaku provides the tools you need to solve current problems in science and industry. 
 Find out moreClose×About Onto Innovation 
 Onto Innovation is a leader in process control, combining global scale with an expanded portfolio of leading-edge technologies that include: Un-patterned wafer quality; 3D metrology spanning chip features from nanometer scale transistors to large die interconnects; macro defect inspection of wafers and packages; metal interconnect composition; factory analytics; and lithography for advanced semiconductor packaging. Our breadth of offerings across the entire semiconductor value chain combined with our connected thinking approach results in a unique perspective to help solve our customers’ most difficult yield, device performance, quality, and reliability issues. With headquarters and manufacturing in the U.S., Onto Innovation supports customers with a worldwide sales and service organization. Additional information can be found at www.ontoinnovation.com. 
 Find out moreClose×About Nanotronics 
 Nanotronics is changing the way materials and electronics are manufactured. We automate industrial microscopes used for inspection of the world's smallest technologies: semiconductors, microchips, hard drives, LEDs, nano-fillers, nanotubes, and more. nSpec® is an integrated part of production processes at many of the world's leading manufacturers. nSpec® is powered by industrial enterprise software that provides scientists + engineers the first set of tools as advanced as the devices they build. 
 Find out moreClose×About EV Group 
 EV Group (EVG) is a leading supplier of equipment and process solutions for the manufacture of semiconductors, microelectromechanical systems (MEMS), compound semiconductors, power devices, and nanotechnology devices. Key products include wafer bonding, thin-wafer processing, lithography/nanoimprint lithography (NIL) and metrology equipment, as well as photoresist coaters, cleaners and inspection systems. Founded in 1980, EV Group services and supports an elaborate network of global customers and partners all over the world. More information about EVG is available at www.EVGroup.com. 
  
 Find out moreClose×About Lam Research Corporation 
 Lam Research Corporation is a global supplier of innovative wafer fabrication equipment and services to the semiconductor industry. Lam’s equipment and services allow customers to build smaller and better performing devices. In fact, today, nearly every semiconductor chip is built with Lam technology. We combine superior systems engineering, technology leadership, and a strong values-based culture, with an unwavering commitment to our customers. Lam Research (Nasdaq: LRCX) is a FORTUNE 500® company headquartered in Fremont, Calif., with operations around the globe. Learn more at www.lamresearch.com. 
 href="https://www.lamresearch.com" - Find out more
Close×About Semilab 
 Semilab is a leading metrology equipment supplier for characterization of semiconductor materials. The company offers advanced electrical and optical systems, for both R&D and production control in the semiconductor, photovoltaic, and display technology markets. Technologies for compound and wide bandgap semiconductors include ellipsometry, dopant concentration and profiling, electrical characterization of dielectrics and interfaces, photoluminescence, Raman, mobility, sheet resistance, contamination control, and atomic force microscopy. Electrical techniques include both contact and non-contact solutions, and all are offered in a range of platforms from smaller manual type tools to fully automated production control systems with high-resolution imaging. 
 Find out moreClose×About Bruker 
 For more than 55 years, Bruker has enabled scientists to make breakthrough discoveries and develop new applications that improve the quality of human life. Bruker’s high-performance scientific instruments and high-value analytical and diagnostic solutions enable scientists to explore life and materials at molecular, cellular and microscopic levels. Since 2015, Bruker Semiconductor has been the dedicated division within Bruker for the semiconductor industry. The wide range of AAFM and X-ray systems serve the Si and compound semiconductor markets. In 2016 Bruker acquired market leaders Jordan Valley Semiconductors to further enhance the X-ray offering. For more information, please visit: www.bruker.com 
 Find out moreClose×About GoPhotonics 
 The Leading Website for the Photonics Industry: News, White Papers, 
 Articles, Products, Directory, Events and more 
 GoPhotonics is the leading website for the Photonics Industry. We keep users up to date with the latest news, information on new products, upcoming events, webinars, calculators, white papers, etc. The website has created a unique product search tool that helps users find products based on their requirements. 
 Find out moreClose×About Riber 
 RIBER S.A. is the world's leading supplier of Molecular Beam Epitaxy equipment and related services for compound semiconductors research and industry. We deliver production-scale MBE machines worldwide. 
 Expert in UHV technology since 1964 and in MBE technology since 1977, RIBER has developed a wide range of epitaxy tools, meeting a variety of demands in different fields, such as data communications, 5G/6G, lasers and VCSELs, photonics (incl. phosphorus-based compounds), sensors,... 
 The state-of-the-art performance of RIBER MBE is perfectly adapted to the needs of compound semiconductors manufacturers, as we deliver stable and reliable equipment, operating 24/24 & 7/7, more than 12 months campaign in production mode, with unsurpassed interfaces and layers quality. 
  
 Find out moreClose×About Siconnex Customized Solutions GmbH 
 Siconnex is a leading global provider of advanced wet chemistry equipment specializing in etching, cleaning, and resist stripping solutions. Headquartered in Austria with production facilities on-site, Siconnex operates across eight strategic locations worldwide, including the United States, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore, and France. 
 With over 20 years of expertise, Siconnex has focused on perfecting batch spray technology, showcased by our proprietary BATCHSPRAY® solution. This innovation reflects our commitment to environmental sustainability alongside superior performance and efficiency. 
 As a "hidden champion", Siconnex plays a crucial role in supporting technology leaders and makes a meaningful impact on the microchip production industry worldwide, underlining our belief in merging sustainability with technological progress in all our systems. 
 Find out moreClose×About KLA Corporation 
 KLA Corporation is a leading supplier of wafer processing, process control and yield management solutions for the semiconductor industries. Products and services include etch and deposition processes, inline unpatterned and patterned wafer defect inspection, review and classification; reticle defect inspection and metrology; packaging inspection and die sort; critical dimension (CD) metrology; pattern overlay metrology; film thickness, surface topography and composition measurements; measurement of in-chamber process conditions; wafer shape and stress metrology; computational lithography tools; and, overall yield and fab-wide data management and analytics 
 Find out moreClose×About PVA TePla AG 
 PVA TePla is a leading provider of high-tech solutions in the fields of materials technology and metrology. With a broad portfolio of innovative products, processes and services, PVA TePla supports customers in overcoming demanding challenges in a wide variety of industries that are driven by the global megatrends of digitization, decarbonization and mobility. 
 Find out moreClose×About EBNER 
 Advanced Materials is a business unit within the EBNER GROUP, specializing in crystal growth for the semiconductor industry. It comprises the companies FAMETEC focusing on Sapphire and EEMCO focusing on Silicon Carbide. These companies operate independently, functioning as producers and developers of crystal growth technology rather than equipment manufacturers, and are united by a strong commitment to green practices. While EEMCO and FAMETEC focus on research and development and pilot production in Austria, we have a large-scale crystal production in Norway using 100% hydroelectric power. Advanced Materials leverages the shared services of the EBNER GROUP, allowing the companies to focus on research, development, and production with strong operational support. This synergy provides advantages in global networking, customer and supplier relationships, expertise, local know-how, purchasing, logistics, quality management, engineering, manufacturing,maintenance, sales, and marketing. 
 Visit us at: 
 https://eemco.at/ 
 https://fametec.co/ 
 Find out moreClose×About FerroTec 
 FerroTec Thin Film Division is a worldwide leader in the supply of evaporative equipment components and precision PVD coating system solutions. Ferrotec’s components and systems provide the highest level of reliability, precision and versatility for the most demanding Compound Semiconductor and Optical thin film applications. By combining innovative design and process control with modern coating expertise in metallization, nitrides, and oxide coatings including Ti, Pt, Au, Pd, Ag, Si3N4, Al₂O₃, SiO2 and ITO, Ferrotec can offer dependable and precise solutions for the most demanding production and research environments. For additional information about Ferrotec products, visit the company’s web site at www.ferrotec.com 
 Find out moreClose×About Annealsys 
 With more than 1000 Annealsys and Jipelec machines installed worldwide, Annealsys is a leading manufacturer of RTP and DLI-CVD systems. We supply machines to laboratories and companies for compound semiconductor R&D and production. Our Rapid Thermal Processing furnaces offer high temperature, pulse annealing and fast cooling capabilities. With our DLI-CVD machines we have developed an expertise in the deposition of multifunctional complex oxides and 2D materials including graphene, h-BN and TMDs. Our philosophy involves building up a long-term relationship with our customers and offering outstanding customer support. Applications: Microelectronics, Power Devices, Optoelectronics, Sensors, MEMS, Solar Cells, R&D. 
 Find out moreClose×About Lapmaster Wolters 
 Lapmaster Wolters is a leading solution provider for the semiconductor industry. With decades of experience in prime wafering, Lapmaster Wolters has established itself as an innovative and technologically leading company in the silicon market. With high-quality systems for wire sawing and polishing, Lapmaster Wolters has always been able to set itself apart from the competition and has constantly raised the bar and set new standards through continuous improvement programs. This also applies to the younger silicon carbide (SiC) sector. Here too, Lapmaster Wolters offers tailor-made solutions for sawing, mechanical (DMP) and chemical polishing (CMP) of SiC wafers that are optimized for current processes and challenges. In addition to the machines, Lapmaster Wolters also offers the appropriate consumables, carriers, process know-how, and further supporting functions to enable customers to achieve the best possible finishing results. 
 Find out moreClose×About SPM AG 
 SPM based in Liechtenstein, offers you RTP Tools from Premtek, sealing solutions, O-rings, RF generators from Trumpf, spare parts for your chamber in quartz, silicon or ceramics, conductive ceramic arms, and metal heaters. At SPM, you are the focus of our customer-oriented technical solutions. The team is driven to provide you with tailored innovative solutions for your unique needs. Let's connect at the CS International Conference to showcase how you can save money and make a better product at the same time. 
 Find out moreClose×About HORIBA FRANCE SAS 
 HORIBA is a world leading Technology company offering precision analytical and measurement systems. With over two centuries of experience in Spectroscopy and 45 years in gas flow control, HORIBA is one of only a few companies in the world who provide Semiconductor OEMs & process operators with a unique value proposition for measurement, control and analysis solutions. 
 Whether you are looking to improve process reliability, repeatability and reproducibility in low-pressure plasma environments or provide higher levels of Quality Control and Assurance, HORIBA can support you with a wide range of Instrumentation, controllers, monitors, analysers, and bespoke engineering. 
  
 Find out moreClose×About CS CLEAN SOLUTIONS GmbH 
 With more than 35 years of experience serving the semiconductor industry, CS CLEAN SOLUTIONS is your reliable partner for exhaust gas abatement, with a primary focus on dry bed absorption. 
 More than 7,000 installations worldwide testify to customer confidence in unique products and services: 
 • Waste gas treatment for ALD, MOCVD and III-V Etch processes 
 • Safe, dry chemical conversion of toxic gases to stable solids 
 • Proprietary CLEANSORB scrubbing media for new metalorganic precursors 
 • Solutions for both research and manufacturing scale 
 • Global network of local refill service for absorber columns 
 With the new product line : PCS PLASMA CONVERSION SYSTEMS, the product portfolio is now complemented. 
 PCS TROPO/ PCS STRATO : High efficiency Atmospheric Plasma for the removal of perfluorinated compounds (PFCs), that are emitted from semiconductor etch and related processes. Resource-saving, water-free operation. 
 PCS EXO: Abatement of Ammonia and Hydrogen - Hydrid Plasma System for GaN and similar process applications. 
 CS CLEAN SOLUTIONS is a global company with research and development, manufacturing and marketing located in dedicated centers of competence located throughout Europe, USA, and the Far East 

Find out moreClose×About CSconnected 
 Wales is home to CSconnected, the world’s first global centre of excellence for Compound Semiconductor technologies, a unique eco-system of advanced technology capabilities leading the way in applied research, collaborative innovation and world-class volume production facilities, CSconnected is playing a key role in positioning Wales and the UK at the forefront of bringing new and emerging technology applications to global markets. 
  
 Visit www.csconnected.com to learn more. 

Find out moreClose×About LayTec 
 LayTec develops, manufactures and markets optical in-situ and in-line metrology systems for thin-film processes. Our organization is expressly designed and committed to offering leading thin-film metrology solutions. We work closely with production line end-customers, equipment manufacturers and leading research institutions in order to achieve the most advanced thin-film process analysis and control. 
 Find out moreClose×About Precision Fabricators 
 Precision Fabricators produces high quality stock and custom DOT/UN cylinders for liquid and solid precursors tailored for tools from ASM, Veeco, Aixtron Tokyo Electron, Applied Materials, Lam and others. 30 years of experience has contributed to 700 designs from 10ml to 100L and includes the availability of level sensors with a solid material sensor coming in Q222. PFL pioneered InternaWeld™ permitting low cost repair and maintenance of both PFL and competitor’s designs and allowing PFL to maintain a worldwide fleet of over 40,000 cylinders. PFL also offers a range of cleaning, modification and recertification services in our modern 10,000 square foot facility south of Boston. 
 Find out moreClose×About Veeco 
 Veeco is an innovative manufacturer of semiconductor process equipment. Our laser annealing, ion beam, chemical vapor deposition (CVD), metal organic chemical vapor deposition (MOCVD), single wafer etch & clean and lithography technologies play an integral role in the fabrication and packaging of advanced semiconductor devices. 
 Find out moreClose×About Yole Group 
 Yole Group is an international company recognized for its expertise in the analysis of markets, technological developments, and supply chains, as well as the strategy of key players in the semiconductor, photonics, and electronics sectors. 
 With Yole Intelligence, Yole SystemPlus and Piséo, the group publishes market, technology, performance, reverse engineering and costing analyses and provides consulting services in strategic marketing and technology analysis. The Yole Group Finance division also offers due diligence assistance and supports companies with mergers and acquisitions. 
 Yole Group benefits from an international sales network. The company now employs more than 180+ people. 
 More information on www.yolegroup.com. 
  
 Find out moreClose×About Polyteknik AS 
 Polyteknik AS is a PVD equipment manufacturer with an innovative and best service approach. With more than 25 years in business, a global reference list, and an excellent platform of technology, Polyteknik AS has turned to be an appreciated partner in the thin film industry. We cover several PVD deposition processes including sputtering, evaporation, and varieties of these. At Polyteknik AS you will meet a dedicated team interested in a strong co-operation towards the best solution. We offer both standard systems and joint customer developed systems for specific purposes. 
 Find out moreClose×About KnowMade 
 Knowmade supports innovation players by leveraging patent information and scientific literature to extract actionable insights that guide decision-making in R&D, innovation, investment, and intellectual property. We assist innovative companies, investors, and research organizations in understanding the competitive landscape, tracking technological developments, reducing uncertainties, and identifying opportunities and risks related to technology and intellectual property in the semiconductor, electronics, and photonics sectors. 
 Knowmade publishes analytical reports, conducts custom studies, and provides consulting services in innovation and IP strategy. Our services include prior art searches, scientific literature reviews, patent landscape analyses, freedom-to-operate studies, patent portfolio assessments, technology scouting, and monitoring services. 
 Find out moreClose×About SCREEN Semiconductor Solutions Co., Ltd. 
 SCREEN Semiconductor Solutions Co., Ltd. (JPX: 7735:TYO) is a global semiconductor equipment supplier, providing technology and equipment solutions for wet etch/clean technology, photoresist processing, wafer annealing, wafer inspection, and film thickness measurement. Founded and headquartered in Kyoto, SCREEN is present in Europe, the USA, and APAC regions. 
 Top 10 Semiconductor Manufacturing Solution Providers for the years 2022 - 2024 according to Semiconductor Review Europe, SCREEN steadily holds the largest market share in the wet etch/clean equipment segment, serving all major semiconductor manufacturers (Logic, Foundry, Memory, Analog, Power, CMOS Sensor) and a variety of electronics manufacturers (MEMS, SAW/BAW filter, LED). 
 Besides an extensive line-up of equipment for 300 mm standard Si wafers processing, the Frontier series provides advanced processing of various substrate sizes and materials 200 mm and smaller for the automotive and IoT device market. 
  
 https://www.screen.co.jp/spe/en 
  
 Contacts: 
 Fraunhoferstrasse 7, 85737 Ismaning, Germany 
 TEL: +49-89-324-951600 FAX: +49-89-324-951699 
 info@screen-spe.eu 
 Find out moreClose×About Nouryon 
 We are Nouryon, your partner in essential solutions for a sustainable future. Markets and consumers worldwide rely on our essential solutions to manufacture everyday products. 
 We supply metalorganic sources which are an essential ingredient for the compound semiconductor industry and are specialized in the production of high purity metalorganics sources based on aluminum, indium, gallium, zinc and magnesium. 
 Our products are used in a wide range of industrial and consumer applications, including lasers, solar cells, LEDs, electrical vehicles and smartphones. 
 We have a strong base in industrial scale metalorganics production and are a fully vertically integrated high purity metalorganics supplier. 
 Find out moreClose×About AIXTRON 
 AIXTRON is a leading provider of deposition equipment to the semiconductor industry. The Company's technology solutions are used by a diverse range of customers worldwide to build advanced components for electronic and opto-electronic applications based on compound semiconductor materials as well as carbon nanotubes (CNT) and other 2D nanomaterials. Such components are used in fiber optic communication systems, wireless and mobile telephony applications, optical and electronic storage devices, computing, signaling and lighting, as well as a range of other leading-edge technologies. 
 Find out moreClose×About Applied Materials 
 We are the leader in materials engineering solutions used to produce virtually every new chip and advanced display in the world. Our expertise in modifying materials at atomic levels and on an industrial scale enables customers to transform possibilities into reality. At Applied Materials, our innovations Make Possible® a Better Future. 
 Find out moreClose×About YSystems Ltd 
 Since 2001 YSystems (Tokushima, Japan) has contributed to emerging technologies via its ability to rapidly develop and produce characterization equipment for the needs of the time. Its flagship wafer mapping products extending to beyond standard applications and its patented epitaxial growth in situ measurement techniques have given YSystems a serious reputation in both academic and industry. Although specializing in the automation of industrial material measurement through the development of highly sensitive detection and high measurement reproducibility, the need to further the robotics aspect has recently played a major role in the company's growth and direction. 
 Find out moreClose×About Thermo Fisher Scientific 
 Thermo Fisher Scientific provides workflows enabling semiconductor failure analysis and research labs to meet the needs of the logic, memory, foundry, packaging, analog, MEMS, and display markets. We provide industry leading solutions to analyze the most advanced technology nodes and novel materials. Our workflows include automated, high-productivity TEM and TEM sample preparation that provide zero-damage, low-z imaging, metrology, and characterization. We also provide the most innovative electrical and physical failure analysis, chemical, and compliance testing systems to efficiently localize and root cause subtle electrical issues impacting yield, performance, or reliability. 
 Find out moreClose×About Malvern Panalytical 
 We draw on the power of our analytical instruments and services to make the invisible visible and the impossible possible. Through the chemical, physical and structural analysis of materials, our high precision analytical systems and top-notch services support our customers in creating a better world. We help them improve everything from the energies that power us and the materials we build with, to the medicines that cure us and the foods we enjoy. We partner with many of the world’s biggest companies, universities and research organizations. They value us not only for the power of our solutions, but also for the depth of our expertise, collaboration and integrity. We are committed to Net Zero in our own operations by 2030 and in our total value chain by 2040. This is woven into the fabric of our business, and we help our employees and customers think about their part in creating a healthier, cleaner, and more productive world. With over 2300 employees, we serve the world, and we are part of Spectris plc, the world-leading precision measurement group. 
 We are Malvern Panalytical. We’re BIG on small.™ 
  
 Find out moreClose×About Raith 
 Raith develops leading edge lithography systems enabling compound semiconductor customers to drive innovation and production. Our maskless electron beam, laser beam and focused ion beam patterning solutions cover the full range, from µm structures to sub 10 nm critical device fabrication. The Raith product portfolio is being complemented by automated SEM based chip analysis and process control systems. Our worldwide service and customer support structures are backed by experienced experts in our international applications and development centers. We are fully committed to further push the limits of nanofabrication in close collaboration with our outstanding customer base. 
 Find out moreCloseCS International 2025 
 CS International is part of AngelTech, which delivers a portfolio of insightful, informative, highly valued chip-level conferences. Bringing together multiple conferences, 800+ delegates, 80+ exhibitors, 120+ presentations and numerous networking opportunities, AngelTech is the number one global event covering compound semiconductor, photonic integrated circuits and power electonics technologies. With a strong over-lap between the conferences, attendees and exhibitors are exposed to the full relevant supply chains and customer and supplier bases. 
 Tweet #csinternationalPrivacy PolicyEvent organised by 
 Copyright © 2025 ~ Angel Business Communications Limited ~ Company Number 01972952 
  
 Less than 15 Delegate Places Remaining! 
 X

3. Website of CSICC_2: http://webpages.iust.ac.ir/azgomi/
Website information of CSICC_2:

Mohammad Abdollahi AzgomiProfessor of Computer EngineeringSchool of Computer Engineering 
 Iran University of Science and Technology 
 CONTACTS 
 ·LinkedIn:https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohammad-abdollahi-azgomi/·E-mail:azgomi(at)iust.ac.ir(academic)orazgomi(at)gmail.com(personal) 
 ·Phone:+98-21-73225325 
 ·Fax:+98-21-73021480 
 ·Address:Room 308, School of Computer Engineering, Iran University of Science and Technology Hengam St., Resalat Sq., Tehran, Iran, Postal Code: 16846-13114 
 EDUCATION 
 ·Ph.D. in Computer Engineering (Software) fromDepartment of Computer Engineering,Sharif University of Technology, Tehran, Iran (2005): 
 oDissertation:High-Level Extensions for Stochastic Activity Networks: Theories, Tools and Applications 
 oSupervisor:Prof. Ali Movaghar 
 ·M.S. in Computer Engineering (Software) from Department of Computer Engineering, Sharif University of Technology, Tehran, Iran (1996): 
 oThesis:Design and Implementation of Security Services for Computer Networks 
 oSupervisor: Prof. Ali Movaghar 
 oGraduated with honors 
 ·B.S. in Computer Engineering (Software) from Department of Computer Engineering, Sharif University of Technology, Tehran, Iran (1991): 
 oProject: A Text Retrieval System Based on Hypertext 
 oSupervisor: Dr. Mehrdad Fahimi 
 ·High-School Diploma in Mathematics and Physics, Bijan Haghiri High-School,Sowme'eh Sara,Gilan, Iran (1987) 
 ACADEMIC/SCIENTIFIC POSITIONS 
 ·Professor,School of CE, IUST (2022-Present) 
 ·Research Deputy,School of CE, IUST (2020-2023) 
 ·Member, Computer Networks Group, School of CE, IUST (2011-Present) 
 ·Member, Software Group School of CE, IUST (2005-Present) 
 ·Director,Trustworthy Computing Laboratory (TwCL), School of CE, IUST (2006-Present) 
 ·Member, Editorial Board,The CSI Journal on Computing Science and Information Technology (CSIT)(2015-Present) 
 ·Member of ICT Strategic Council,href="https://tvu.ac.ir/" - Technical and Vocational
University (TVU)
(2021-2022) 
 ·Associate Professor,School of CE, IUST (2013-2022) 
 ·Member of the Scientific Committee,Iranian Society of Cryptology (ISC)(2010-2022) 
 ·Member of the Board,Cyber-Physical Systems Society of Iran (CPSSI)(2018-2021) 
 ·Director, ICT Sector Liaison, Research Deputy, IUST (2016-2017) 
 ·Director, Computer Networks Group, School of CE, IUST (2015-2017) 
 ·Member, Computer Engineering Curriculum Setting Committee, Ministry of Science, Research and Technology of Iran (2014-2018) 
 ·Director, Information Technology Group,E-Learning Center, IUST (2006-2012) 
 ·Director, Scientific Affairs of Students, School of CE, IUST (2006-2008) 
 ·Assistant Professor, School of CE, IUST (2005-2013) 
 RESEARCH INTERESTS 
 ·Areas of Interest:oModeling and Simulation 
 oPetri Nets 
 oQuantitative Evaluation 
 oSecurity and Privacy 
 oTrust Models 
 ·Research Lab.:Trustworthy Computing Laboratory (TwCL) 
 PUBLICATIONS 
 Authored Book: 
 ·M. Abdollahi Azgomi and H. Motallebi,Performance Evaluation of Computer Systems: A Model-Based Approach,KGUT Publication,2023 (inPersian) 
 Journal and Conference Papers: 
 ·Google Scholar 
 ·href="https://www.webofscience.com/wos/author/record/1450509" - WoS
·href="https://www.scopus.com/authid/detail.uri?authorId=57200001920" - Scopus
·DBLP 
 ·ORCID 
 PC MEMBERSHIPS 
 Recent/Upcoming Conferences: 
 ·href="https://iscisc2025.sbu.ac.ir/en" - ISCISC’25
:PC Member, The 22ndInternational ISC Conference on Information Security and Cryptology (ISCISC2025), Shahid Beheshti University, Oct. 8-9, 2025, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·ISCISC’24:PC Member, The 21stInternational ISC Conference on Information Security and Cryptology (ISCISC2024), Tarbiat Modares University, Oct. 16-17, 2024, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·NIC’02: PC Member & Multidisciplinary Track Chair, National Informatics Conference, Institute for Research in Fundamental Sciences (IPM), Jan. 03-04, 2024, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·ISCISC’23: PC Member, The 20thInternational ISC Conference on Information Security and Cryptology (ISCISC2023), Iranian Research Organization for Science & Technology (IROST), August 33-31, 2023, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·NIC’01: PC Member & Multidisciplinary Track Chair, National Informatics Conference, Institute for Research in Fundamental Sciences (IPM), Jan. 04-05, 2023, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·ISCISC’22: PC Member, The 19thInternational ISC Conference on Information Security and Cryptology (ISCISC'22), University of Guilan, August 31-September 1, 2022 Gilan, Iran. 
 ·RTEST’22: PC Co-chair, The 4thCPSSI International Symposium on Real-Time and Embedded Systems and Technologies (RTEST 2022), Iran University of Science and Technology, May 30-31, 2022 Tehran, Iran. 
 ·ISCISC’21: PC Member, The 18thInternational ISC Conference on Information Security and Cryptology, University of Isfahan, Sept. 1-2, 2021, Isfahan, Iran. 
 ·href="http://csicc2021.kntu.ac.ir/en/" - CSICC’21
: PC Member & Computer Security Track Chair, The 26thNational Annual CSI Conference of the Computer Society of Iran, K. N. Toosi University of Technology, March 3-4, 2021, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·NIC’99: PC Member & Multidisciplinary Track Chair, National Informatics Conference, Institute for Research in Fundamental Sciences (IPM), Dec. 23-24, 2020, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·ISCISC’20: PC Member, The 17thInternational ISC Conference on Information Security and Cryptology, Iran University of Science and Technology (IUST), Sept. 9-10, 2020, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·RTEST'20: PC Member, The 3rdThe CSI/CPSSI International Symposium on Real-Time and Embedded Systems and Technologies Institute for Research in Fundamental Sciences (IPM), June 10-11, 2020, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·href="http://csicc2020.iust.ac.ir/" - CSICC’20
: PC Member & Computer Security Track Chair, The 25thNational Annual CSI Conference of the Computer Society of Iran, Iran University of Science and Technology, Jan 1-2, 2020, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·NIC’98: PC Member & Multidisciplinary Track Chair, National Informatics Conference, Institute for Research in Fundamental Sciences (IPM), Dec. 15-16, 2019, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·ISCISC’19: PC Member, The 16thInternational ISC Conference on Information Security and Cryptology, Ferdowsi University of Mashhad, Aug. 28-29, 2019 Mashhad, Iran. 
 ·ISCISC’18: PC Member, The 15thInternational ISC Conference on Information Security and Cryptology, Shahid Rajaee Teacher Training University, Aug. 28-29, 2018, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·RTEST'18: PC Member, The 2ndCSI Symposium on Real-Time and Embedded Systems and Technologies, University of Tehran (College of Engineering), May 9-10, 2018, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·ISCISC’17PC Member The 14thInternational ISC Conference on Information Security and Cryptology, Shiraz University, Sept. 6-7, 2017, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·href="http://csicc2017.ir/" - CSICC’17
: PC Member & Information Technology Track Chair, The 22ndNational Annual CSI Conference of the Computer Society of Iran, Sharif University of Technology, March 11-13 2017, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·CSIV'17: PC Member, The 2ndConference on Cyberspace Security Incidents and Vulnerabilities, Ferdowsi University of Mashhad, March 8-9, 2017, Mashhad, Iran. 
 ·FSEN’17: PC Member, The 7thIPM International Conference on Fundamentals of Software Engineering, IPM, April 26-28, 2017, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·GAIWDSP'16: PC Member, The 2016 German-Austrian-Iranian Workshop on Digital Security and Privacy, AUT, Oct. 30 2016, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·ISCISC’16PC Member, The 13thInternational ISC Conference on Information Security and Cryptology, SBU, Sept. 7-8, 2016, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·href="http://cs.ipm.ac.ir/csicc2016/" - CSICC’16
: PC Member & Information Technology Track Chair, The 21stNational Annual CSI Conference of the Computer Society of Iran, Institute for Research in Fundamental Sciences (IPM), March 9-11, 2016, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·RTEST'15: PC Member, The CSI Symposium on Real-Time and Embedded Systems and Technologies, Sharif University of Technology, Oct. 7-8, 2015, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·ISCISC’15:PC Member, The 12thInternational ISC Conference on Information Security and Cryptology, University of Gilan Sept. 8-10, 2015, Gilan, Iran. 
 ·IKT’15:PC Member, The 7thInternational Conference on Information Knowledge and Technology, Urmia University, May 26-28, Urmia, Iran. 
 ·ICEE'15: PC Member, The 23rdIranian Conference on Electrical Engineering, Sharif University of Technology, May 10-14, 2015, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·FSEN’15: PC Member, The 6thIPM International Conference on Fundamentals of Software Engineering, Sharif University of Technology, April 22-24, 2015, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·href="http://csicc2015.um.ac.ir/" - CSICC’15
: PC Member, The 20thNational Annual CSI Conference of the Computer Society of Iran, Ferdowsi University of Mashhad, March 3-5, 2015, Mashhad, Iran. 
 ·ISCISC’14:PC Member & Network Security Track Chair, The 11thInternational ISC Conference on Information Security and Cryptology, University of Tehran Sept. 3-4, 2014, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·FSEN’13: PC Member, The 5thIPM International Conference on Fundamentals of Software Engineering, IPM, April 24-26, 2013, Tehran, Iran. 
 ·CSSE’11: PC Member, The 2011 CSI International Symposium on Computer Science and Software Engineering Sharif University of Technology, June 15-16, 2011, Tehran, Iran. 
 PRESENTATIONS 
 ·"Model-Based Quantitative Security Evaluation: Challenges, Results of Past Researches and Future Outlook,"Keynote Speech, The 13th International ISC Conference on Information Security and Cryptology (ISCISC’16), SBU, Tehran Iran, Sept. 7-8 (2016) 
 ·"A Framework for Probabilistic Model Checking of Security Protocols Using Coloured Stochastic Activity Networks and PDETool,"The 5th International Symposium on Telecommunications (IST'10),ITRC, Tehran, Iran, Dec. 4-6 (2010) 
 ·"Modeling and Analysis of Agent-Based Specifications of Security Protocols Using CSANs and PDETool,"The 6th International Conference on Innovations in Information Technology (Innovations'09), UAEU, Al Ain, Emirates, Dec. 15-17 (2009) 
 ·"Towards an Anomaly Detection Technique Based on Kernel Methods for Web Services,"The 6th International Conference on Innovations in Information Technology (Innovations'09), UAEU, Al Ain, Emirates, Dec. 15-17 (2009) 
 ·"A Majority Voter for Intrusion Tolerant Software Based on N-Version Programming Techniques,"The 6th International Conference on Innovations in Information Technology (Innovations'09), UAEU, Al Ain, Emirates, Dec. 15-17 (2009) 
 ·"Combination of Duty and Historical Constraints in Role-Based Access Control,"The 6th International Conference on Innovations in Information Technology (Innovations'09),UAEU, Al Ain, Emirates, Dec. 15-17 (2009) 
 ·"An Architecture for E-Voting Systems Based on Dependable Web Services,"The 6th International Conference on Innovations in Information Technology (Innovations'09),UAEU, Al Ain, Emirates, Dec. 15-17 (2009) 
 ·"PDETool: A Multi-Formalism Modeling Tool for Discrete-Event Systems Based on SDES Description,"The 30th International Conference on Application and Theory of Petri Nets and Other Models of Concurrency (ICATPN'09), Paris France, June 22-26 (2009) 
 ·"A Case Study on Application of CSAN Models on Network Modeling,"The 5th International Symposium on Communication Systems, Networks and Digital Signal Processing (CSNDSP'06), Patras, Greece, July 19-21 (2006) 
 ·"A Modelling Tool for Hierarchical Stochastic Activity Networks,"The 11th International Conference on Analytical and Stochastic Modelling Techniques and Applications (ESM/ASMTA'04), Magdeburg, Germany, June 13-16 (2004) 
 ·"Towards an Object-Oriented Extension for Stochastic Activity Networks,"The 10th Workshop on Algorithms and Tools for Petri Nets (AWPN'03), Eichstatt Germany, Sept. 26-27 (2003) 
 ·"Coloured Stochastic Activity Networks: Preliminary Definitions and Properties,"ICALP'03 Satellite Workshop on SPNs,Eindhoven, The Netherlands, June 28-29 (2003) 
 ·"Performance Evaluation of Computer and Communication Systems with SharifSAN,"The 6th Annual International CSI Computer Conference (CSICC'01), Isfahan Iran (March 2001) 
 ·"A Tool for Verification of Concurrent Systems Using Activity Networks,"The 5th Annual International CSI Computer Conference (CSICC'01), Tehran Iran (March 2000) 
 ·"Security Enhancement for Network Services,"The 3rd Annual International CSI Computer Conference (CSICC'97), Tehran, Iran (Dec. 1997) 
 ACHIEVEMENTS 
 ·Best Researcher of the Year, School of Computer Engineering, Iran University of Science and Technology, 2013, 2014, 2016 and 2017. 
 ·Best Paper, R. Fathi and M. Abdollahi Azgomi,"Implementation of a Symbolic State Space Generator for SDES Descriptions in PDETool Framework,"The 17thAnnual National CSI Computer Conference (href="http://csi.org.ir/csi_2012" - CSICC'12
), Sharif University of Technology, Tehran, Iran, March 6-8, 2012. 
 ·Best Paper, M. Akbarzadeh and M. Abdollahi Azgomi, "Modeling and Analysis of Agent-Based Specifications of Security Protocols Using CSANs and PDETool,"The 6thInternational Conference on Innovations in Information Technology (Innovations'09), UAEU, Al Ain, Emirates, Dec. 15-17, 2009. 
 ·Best Bachelor Thesis Supervisor, Education Deputy, Iran University of Science and Technology, 2009. 
 ·Best Lecturer, IT Group E-Learning Center, Iran University of Science and Technology, 2008. 
 ·Distinguished M.S. Graduate, Department of Computer Engineering, Sharif University of Technology 1996. 
 COURSES 
 Currently Teaching (Winter 2025): 
 1.Dependable Software Systems (DSD)(Graduate course, Sun./Tue.: 09:00-10:30) 
 2.Research Methods and Presentation (RMP) (Undergraduate course, Sat.: 16:00-18:00) 
 ·Full list of courses I have taught… 
 STUDENTS 
 Current Ph.D. Students: 
 ·Mohsen Darchini Tabrizi Ph.D. Student in Computer Engineering (Software) (started: Fall 2023) (Co-Supervisor: Dr. Reza Entezari-Maleki) 
 ·Saiedeh Ghafoori, Ph.D. Student in Computer Engineering (Computer Networks) (started: Fall 2021) 
 ·Reyhaneh Alizadeh, Ph.D. Candidate in Computer Engineering (Software) (started: Fall 2021) 
 ·Fatemeh Bakhshi, Ph.D. Candidate in Computer Engineering (Software) (started: Fall 2022) 
 ·Mahrad Hanaforoush, Ph.D. Candidate in Computer Engineering (Software) (started: Fall 2019) 
 Graduated Ph.D. Students (IUST): 
 ·Dr. Arman Sanahmadi, Ph.D. in Computer Engineering (Computer Networks) (IUST-CE)(2018-2024): 
 oThesis Title:Formal Modeling and Quantitative Evaluation of IoT Quality Attributes Based on Stochastic Petri Nets 
 ·Dr. Ali Naghash Asadi, Ph.D. in Computer Engineering (Software) (IUST-CE) (2015-2020): 
 oThesis Title:Unified Power and Performance Modeling and Evaluation in Computing Systems 
 ·Dr. Ali Sedaghatbaf, Ph.D. in Computer Engineering (Software) (IUST-CE) (2013-2018): 
 oThesis Title:A Framework for Quantitative Evaluation of the Quality Attributes of Software Architecture 
 ·Dr. Hamed Sepehrzadeh (Orojloo), Ph.D. in Computer Engineering (Software) (IUST-CE) (2012-2017): 
 oThesis Title:A Method for Modeling and Quantitative Security Evaluation of Cyber-Physical Systems 
 ·Dr. Soodeh Hosseini, Ph.D. Computer Engineering (Software) (IUST-CE) (2011-2016): 
 oThesis Title:Modeling and Evaluation of the Effects of Software Diversification on Malware Propagation 
 ·Dr. Jaafar Almasizadeh, Ph.D. in Computer Engineering (Software) (IUST-CE) (2009-2016) 
 oThesis Title:A Formal Model for Privacy Quantification 
 ·Dr. Mehrdad Ashtiani, Ph.D. in Computer Engineering (Software) (IUST-CE) (2011-2015): 
 oThesis Title:A Computational Model of Trust in Support of Software Trust Management Components 
 ·Dr. Hassan Motallebi, Ph.D. in Computer Engineering (Software) (IUST-CE) (2008-2013): 
 oThesis Title:A Formalism for Modeling and Timing Analysis of Hybrid Systems 
 Graduated Ph.D. Students (Other Universities): 
 ·Dr. Shima Anvari, Ph.D. in Computer Engineering (Software) (M-IAU) (2019-2024): 
 oThesis Title:Improved Weighted K-Nearest Neighbors Classifier Using Meta-Heuristic Algorithm(Co-Supervisor: Dr. Mohammad Reza Ebrahimi Dishabi) 
 ·Dr. Mihan Hosseinnezhad Ph.D. in Computer Engineering (Software) (M-IAU) (2018-2024): 
 oThesis Title:A New Probabilistic Model to Calculate the Trust for Cloud Services Using Bayesian Networks 
 ·Dr. Amir Shimi, Ph.D. in Computer Engineering (Software) (M-IAU) (2019-2024): 
 oThesis Title:A Solution Based on Multi-Objective Decision-Making Methods for the Issue of Facility Location Allocation(Advisor) 
 ·Dr. Jalil Jabbari Lotf, Ph.D. in Computer Engineering (Software) (M-IAU) (2018-2023): 
 oThesis Title:Maximization and Estimation of Individuals' Influence in Social Networks 
 ·Dr. Razieh Rezaee Saleh Ph.D. in Computer Engineering (Software) (FUM) (2015-2020): 
 oThesis Title:A Framework for Representing and Evaluating Network Security Risks(Advisor) 
 ·Dr. Mohammad Reza Ebrahimi Dishabi, Ph.D. in Computer Engineering (Software) (SRB-IAU) (2010-2013): 
 oThesis Title:Improved Methods for Privacy Preserving Clustering Based on Wavelet Transforms 
 Last Modified: July 18, 2024, (C) M. A. Azgomi

