Conference full name: IEEE International Conference on e-Science and Grid Computing (e-Science)

1. Website of e-Science_3: https://www.escience-conference.org/about/
Website information of e-Science_3:

IEEE eScienceConference SeriesHomePast ConferencesSteering CommitteeAdvisory CommitteeIEEE eScienceHomePast ConferencesSteering CommitteeAdvisory Committee 
 Current Conference 
 href="/2025" - 21st IEEE International Conference on e-Science
            2025 – Chicago, USA
What is eScience? 
 We offer two definitions, one long and one short:eScience studies, enacts, and improves the ongoing process of innovation in computationally-intensive or data-intensive research methods; typically this is carried out collaboratively, often using distributed infrastructure. eScience encompasses all fields of research and addresses all stages of the research lifecycle, from formulation of the research questions, through large scale simulations and data analytics, scientific discovery, up to long-term sharing, reusing, and reapplying of the results, data as well as the relevant tools, processes and knowledge. 
 eScience promotes innovation in collaborative, computationally- or data-intensive research across all disciplines, throughout the research lifecycle. 
  
 @eScience 
 Tweets by eScience 
 Past Conferences 
 href="/2025" - 21st IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2025 – Chicago, USAhref="/2025" - 
href="/2024" - 20th IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2024 – Osaka, JapanStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:30Full papers submitted:76Attendees:168Proceedingshref="/2023" - 19th IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2023 – Limassol, CyprusStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:40Full papers submitted:81Attendees:148Proceedingshref="/2022" - 18th IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2022 – Utah, USAStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:37Full papers submitted:58Attendees:180Proceedingshref="https://www.escience2021.org/" - 17th IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2021 – Innsbruck, AustriaStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:23Full papers submitted:54Attendees:170Proceedingshref="http://escience2020.cmc.osaka-u.ac.jp/" - 16th IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2020 – Osaka, JapanCancelled due to COVID-19 
 Read the announcement here. 
 href="http://escience2019.sdsc.edu/" - 15th IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2019 – San Diego, USAStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:25Full papers submitted:98Attendees:170Proceedingshref="https://www.escience2018.com/" - 14th IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2018 – Amsterdam, NetherlandsStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:29Full papers submitted:85Attendees:470Proceedingshref="https://web.archive.org/web/20181015044824/http://escience2017.org.nz/" - 13th IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2017 – Auckland, New ZealandStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:33Full papers submitted:92Attendees:120Proceedingshref="http://escience-2016.idies.jhu.edu/" - 12th IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2016 – Baltimore, USAStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:30Full papers submitted:75Attendees:~100Proceedingshref="http://escience2015.mnm-team.org/" - 11th IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2015 – Munich, GermanyStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:31Full papers submitted:123Attendees:160Proceedingshref="" - 10th IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2014 – Guarujá, BrazilStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:38Full papers submitted:101Attendees:210Proceedingshref="" - 9th IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2013 – Beijing, ChinaStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:41Full papers submitted:98Attendees:259Proceedingshref="https://web.archive.org/web/20121213015336/http://www.ci.uchicago.edu/escience2012/" - 8th IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2012 – Chicago, USAStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:48Full papers submitted:154Attendees:~225Proceedingshref="https://www.escience2011.org/" - 7th IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2011 – Stockholm, SwedenStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:54Full papers submitted:110Attendees:294Proceedingshref="http://www.escience2010.org/" - 6th IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2010 – Brisbane, AustraliaStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:44Full papers submitted:142Attendees:210Proceedingshref="" - 5th IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2009 – Oxford, UKStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:51Full papers submitted:177Attendees:248Proceedingshref="https://escience2008.iu.edu/" - 4th IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2008 – Indianapolis, USAStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:60Full papers submitted:206Attendees:268Proceedingshref="http://www.escience2007.org/" - 3rd IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2007 – Bangalore, IndiaStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:60Full papers submitted:206Attendees:200+Proceedingshref="http://www.escience-meeting.org/" - 2nd IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2006 – Amsterdam, NetherlandsStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:60Full papers submitted:106Attendees:200+Proceedingshref="http://www.cloudbus.org/escience/" - 1st IEEE International Conference on e-Science
 
 2005 – Melbourne, AustraliaStatistics 
 Full papers accepted:54Full papers submitted:175Attendees:160+Proceedings 
 Steering Committee 
  
 Ilkay Altintas 
 Second term through 2026 
 Rosa Badia 
 First term through 2025 
 Kris Bubendorfer 
 Third term through 2027 
 Kyle Chard 
 Chair, Third term through 2027 
 Susumu Date 
 First term through 2027 
 Rafael Ferreira da Silva 
 First term through 2026 
 Rosa Filgueira 
 First term through 2026 
 Sandra Gesing 
 First term through 2025 
 Daniel S. Katz 
 First term through 2026 
 Tanu Malik 
 First term through 2027 
 Paul Roe 
 Third term through 2027 
 Michela Taufer 
 First term through 2025 
 Advisory Committee 
  
 David Abramson 
 former chair, 2019-2023 
 Rajkumar Buyya 
  
 Ewa Deelman 
  
 Dave De Roure 
  
 Ian Foster 
  
 Geoffrey Fox 
  
 Tony Hey 
  
 Nick Jones 
  
 Dieter Kranzlmüller 
  
 Erwin Laurie 
  
 Kai Nan 
  
 Ron Perrott 
 former chair, 2007-2012 
 Peter Sloot 
  
 Alex Szalay 
  
 Anne Trefethen 
  
 Paul Watson 
  
 eScience Steering Committee Charter 
 eScience Steering Committee Charter (as amended 27 Nov 2019)I. Purpose of the International Conference on eScience (herein known as the eScience Conference)The objective of the eScience Conference is to promote and encourage all aspects of eScience and its associated technologies, applications, and tools.The conference is managed by a standing Steering Committee, a standing Advisory Committee, and for each conference, an Organizing Committee and a Program Committee. 
 II. SponsorshipThe Sponsor shall have the right to withdraw from participation in eScience. The Sponsor will provide notice of withdrawal as soon as possible prior to the next eScience, but no later than the publishing of the Call For Papers. Withdrawal shall be effective upon receipt by the Sponsor(s) of written notice of withdrawal. Upon the effective date of withdrawal, all references to the Sponsor shall be deleted from all promotional, advertising and other materials produced for the purpose of distribution in connection with eScience. The withdrawing Sponsor will be liable for its proportionate share of any expenses, losses, and contractual obligations incurred up to the effective date of withdrawal unless a new sponsor agrees to assume all liability for expenses, losses and contractual obligations. The name of the conference belongs to the Sponsor unless released to a new sponsor for continuation. 
 III. The Steering CommitteeA. PurposeTo oversee the long-term planning and success of this conference. The Steering Committee plans for future conferences, evaluates how well each conference has achieved the objectives stated above, and implements improvements to better meet these objectives. 
 The Steering Committee is responsible for the general oversight of and setting policy for the Conference. The Steering Committee is normally responsible for making the major strategic decisions, namely, the appointment of the general chair(s) and program chair(s), selection of dates and locations, major theme, and communication with the sponsor. In addition, the Steering Committee may review and approve the budget before it is sent to the sponsor. 
 More specifically the Steering Committee should 
 Plan future eScience Conferences, 
 Obtain feedback about the eScience Conference for the purpose of improving the conference, 
 Select the General and Program Chairs of future eScience Conferences in response to the submitted proposals, 
 Select the sites and dates for future eScience Conferences, in response to the submitted proposals, 
 Assist in the appointment of other positions in the Program Committee. 
 Monitor the progress of future eScience Conferences, and act if needed to prevent problems that would seriously affect the reputation of the conference. 
 B. Steering Committee ChairpersonThe Chair of the Steering Committee shall be elected from among the Steering Committee members for a term of no more than three years. The same Chair can be elected for one additional term. After finishing his/her term, the Chair must leave the Steering Committee for a minimum period of two years before becoming eligible to serve on the Steering Committee again. 
 C. Steering Committee SecretaryThe Secretary of the Steering Committee shall be elected from among the Steering Committee members for a term of no more than three years. The same Secretary can be elected for one additional term. After finishing his/her term, the Secretary must leave the Steering Committee for a minimum period of two years before becoming eligible to serve on the Steering Committee again. In the absence of a Steering Committee Secretary, the Steering Committee chair shall keep meeting minutes. 
 D. Steering Committee MembersThe current Steering Committee members in the meeting held at each year’s eScience Conference shall select new members of the Steering Committee. The committee membership is open to all participants of any eScience Conference who have significant experience in the operation of conferences (such as serving as General and/or Program Chairs of past conferences). Any participant interested to serve should indicate their interest to the Steering Committee Chair. The term of office of each member is 3 years, renewable twice for another term of 3 years. After serving 3 terms, a Steering Committee member must be off the Steering Committee for a minimum period of two years before becoming eligible to serve again. (Initial terms will be staggered to insure continuity on the committee). The newly elected members of the Steering Committee take office as soon as the meeting in which they were elected is over. 
 E. Voting RightsDuring meetings of the Steering Committee, each member shall haveone vote. A quorum both for face-to-face meetings and for email or phone meetings will be a majority (greater than 50%) of the number of members of the Steering Committee. Written proxies may be submitted by electronic or surface post to the secretary or the chair of the Steering Committee. Steering Committee members will be informed sufficiently in advance of any known motions to be voted on during a forthcoming meeting. The chair has the deciding vote in cases of tied votes. 
 F. Steering Committee MeetingsA Steering Committee meeting must be held at each eScience. If necessary, interim meetings can be called by the Steering Committee Chair or by a simple majority of the members and can also be held by electronic mail or by other means. 
 Steering Committee members are expected to attend the Steering Committee meeting at each eScience. Members who miss two consecutive meetings at eScience without giving sufficient cause are considered withdrawn from the Committee, subject to review by the Steering Committee. 
 The secretary or another member of the Steering Committee designated by the Chair will take minutes. The Chair and Secretary will both maintain minutes of the past Steering Committee meetings. 
 III. The Advisory CommitteeA. PurposeTo contribute to the long-term planning and success of this conference. The Advisory Committee provides advice to the Steering Committee. It works with the Steering Committee to plan for future conferences evaluate how well each conference has achieved the objectives stated above, and implement improvements to better meet these objectives. 
 B. Advisory Committee MembersWhen a Steering Committee member completes a term of service on the Steering Committee, if that member so desires, he or she can become a member of the Advisory Committee. Advisory Committee membership continues until the member resigns, or a majority of the Steering Committee votes for the Advisory Committee members’ membership to cease. 
 C. Voting RightsAdvisory Committee members may participate in discussions with the Steering Committee, but do not vote. 
 IV. Constituting a ConferenceThe Steering Committee obtains, through open and informal solicitations, proposals for: conference locations names of individuals who are suitable to serve as General Chair(s), individuals who are suitable to serve as Program Chair(s), and other organizational issues. Individuals or institutions interested to propose and organize a future eScience should follow the steps listed below. 
 A.Written proposals for the conference should be sent to the Chair of the Steering Committee significantly before the proposed conference date. The decision on the conference will generally be made at least 24 months before the proposed date. 
 B.Proposals shall list facilities, venue, proposed management, budgets and financial arrangements, a brief summary of the conference structure, a draft of a preliminary call for papers, and any other information required by the Steering Committee. In particular, the scheduling of any other potentially conflicting meetings within several months before or after the proposed meeting date must be evaluated as part of the proposal. 
 C.Those wishing to host a future eScience Conference should make their intentions known sufficiently in advance of the proposed date (e.g. 30 months) so that any information required by the Steering Committee can be obtained in a timely manner, and other activities can be integrated into a program of interest to all. 
 D.The Steering Committee reviews proposals and may seek advise from anonymous reviewers. If the evaluation is positive, the Steering Committee will tentatively accept the proposal, and the proposer(s) will be asked to prepare a detailed budget using the IEEE CS appropriate forms (TMRF) and submit the form to the Steering Committee Chair at least 15 months before the proposed conference date. After approval by the Steering Committee it will be passed to the Society. The IEEE Computer Society will make final approval of the TMRF. 
 2005-2024eScience Conference Series

2. Website of e-Science_3: https://www.escience-conference.org/2025/
Website information of e-Science_3:

href="/2025/" - Universal - go to homepage
Toggle Navigationhref="#" - Calls | href="/2025/call-for-papers" - Call for Papers 
 href="/2025/call-for-workshops" - Call for Workshops 
 href="/2025/call-for-tutorials" - Call for Tutorials 
 Program 
 Travel | href="/2025/venue" - Venue 
 Committees | href="/2025/organizers" - Organizers 
 Steering Committee 
 About 
 September 15-18, 2025 
 Chicago, USA 
 IEEE eScience 2025 brings together leading interdisciplinary research communities, developers and users of eScience applications and enabling IT technologies. The objective of the eScience Conference is to promote and encourage all aspects of eScience and its associated technologies, applications, algorithms and tools with a strong focus on practical solutions and challenges. eScience 2025 interprets eScience in its broadest meaning that enables and improves innovation in data- and compute-intensive research across all domain sciences ranging from traditional areas in physics and earth sciences to more recent fields such as social sciences, arts and humanities, and artificial intelligence for a wide variety of target architectures including HPC, cloud and IoT infrastructures. 
  
 The 21st IEEE International Conference on e-Science is co-located with thehref="https://www.theglobalresearchplatform.net" - 6th Global Research Platform Workshop (6GRP)
. Both audiences share common interests, content, and culture. Co-location provides attendees with the option to register for both events. 
  
 Important Dates 
 Monday, March 10, 2025 
 Workshop Submissions 
 Monday, May 5, 2025 
 Tutorial Submissions 
 Monday, May 5, 2025 
 Paper Submissions 
 Monday, June 23, 2025 
 Paper Notification 
 Monday, August 11, 2025 
 Camera-ready submissions 
 Monday, July 28, 2025 
 Poster Submissions 
 September 15-18, 2025 
 Conference 
 Sponsors 

Supporters 
  
 ©2025 IEEE International Conference on eScience. 
 Images by lifeforstock and benzoix on Freepikon Freepik

3. Website of e-Science_3: https://www.computer.org/csdl/proceedings-article/e-science/2025/10678713/20op4fWeu76
Website information of e-Science_3:

Opens in a new windowOpens an external websiteOpens an external website in a new windowClose this dialogThis website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising.You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.Privacy PolicyStorage PreferencesTargeted Advertising 
 Personalization 
 Analytics 
 SaveAccept AllReject AllClose Cookie PreferencesJoin Us 
 Sign In 
 My Subscriptions 
 Magazines 
 Journals 
 Video Library 
 Conference Proceedings 
 Individual CSDL Subscriptions 
 Institutional CSDL Subscriptions 
 Resources | Career Center 
 Tech News 
 Resource Center 
 Press Room 
 Advertising 
 Librarian Resources 
 IEEE.org 
 Help 
 About Us 
 Career Center 
 Cart 
 Create Account 
 Sign In 
 Toggle navigation 
 My Subscriptions 
 Browse Content 
 Resources 
 Sign up for our newsletter. 
 EMAIL ADDRESS 
 IEEE COMPUTER SOCIETY 
 About Us 
 Board of Governors 
 Newsletters 
 Press Room 
 IEEE Support Center 
 Contact Us 
 DIGITAL LIBRARY 
 Magazines 
 Journals 
 Conference Proceedings 
 Video Library 
 COMPUTING RESOURCES 
 Jobs Board 
 Courses & Certifications 
 Webinars 
 Podcasts 
 Tech News 
 Membership 
 COMMUNITY RESOURCES 
 Conference Organizers 
 href="https://www.computer.org/publications/author-resources" - Authors 
 Chapters 
 Communities 
 BUSINESS SOLUTIONS 
 Corporate Partnerships 
 Conference Sponsorships & Exhibits 
 Advertising 
 Recruiting 
 Digital Library Institution Subscriptions 
 POLICIES 
 Privacy 
 Accessibility Statement 
 IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
 XML Sitemap 
 ©IEEE — All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions. 
 A public charity, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.

4. Website of e-Science_3: http://www.escience-conference.org/2025/call-for-workshops
Website information of e-Science_3:

href="/2025/" - Universal - go to homepage
Toggle Navigationhref="#" - Calls | href="/2025/call-for-papers" - Call for Papers 
 href="/2025/call-for-workshops" - Call for Workshops 
 href="/2025/call-for-tutorials" - Call for Tutorials 
 Program 
 Travel | href="/2025/venue" - Venue 
 Committees | href="/2025/organizers" - Organizers 
 Steering Committee 
 About 
 Call for Workshops 
  
 Submission Email | workshops@escience-conference.org 
 Conference Dates | September 15-18, 2025 
 Conference Address | Chicago, USA 
 Publications indexed by 
 21st IEEE International eScience Conference (eScience’25) Call for Workshops 
 The 21st IEEE International eScience Conference (eScience’25) will be held in Chicago on September 15-18, 2025. 
 eScience studies, enacts, and improves the ongoing process of innovation in computationally-intensive or data-intensive research methods; typically this is carried out collaboratively, often using distributed computing infrastructure. eScience encompasses all fields of research and addresses all stages of the research lifecycle, from formulation of the research questions, through large scale simulations and data analytics, scientific discovery, up to long-term sharing, publication, reusing, and reapplying of the results, data as well as the relevant tools, processes and knowledge. 
 Workshops offer a platform for valuable discussions among researchers and practitioners, focusing on key topics and emerging research areas in all aspects of eScience and its associated technologies, applications, algorithms, and tools, with a strong focus on practical solutions and open challenges. Ideal papers involve the interplay between applications and infrastructure technologies, with a focus on novelty in one or both. 
 Workshops typically feature a blend of invited talks, peer-reviewed papers, panel discussions, and work-in-progress presentations. Workshop organizers are encouraged to structure their sessions for an audience of approximately 20-40 participants, with flexibility for either a full day or half day format depending on interest and space availability. 
 We welcome proposals for workshops on new, innovative topics as well as submissions to continue successful workshops from previous years. Note that proceedings of eScience workshops will be published by the IEEE in dedicated proceedings. The selected workshops will be held on the first day of the conference (September 15). 
 Workshops Submission Process 
 Please email your proposal to the Workshops chairs using the following addresses:workshops@escience-conference.org. The submissions must conform to the Submission Guidelines. 
 Workshop Proposals Formatting Guidelines 
 Please adhere to the following formatting guidelines for workshop proposals. Your proposal should be submitted as a single PDF document containing 2 to 4 pages and should include the following information: 
 Workshop name: Provide the complete workshop title along its acronym. 
 Duration: Specify whether the workshop is intended for a full day or a half day. 
 Workshop Theme and Key Topics: Describe the overarching theme of the workshop and its core topics. Emphasize the focused nature of the theme. 
 Relevance to eScience: Highlight how the proposed workshop complements the main eScience program. 
 The structure of the workshop (peer-reviewed articles, invited articles, invited talks, panels, etc.). 
 Workshop Structure: Explain the workshop’s structure, including elements like peer-reviewed articles, invited talks, panels, and more. 
 Invited Speakers and Panelists: Propose the names of potential invited speakers and panelists and describe how they will contribute to the workshop’s discussions. 
 Program Committee (Optional): Provide a tentative list of program committee members if available. 
 Review Process: Detail the review process for workshop paper acceptance. 
 Call for Papers (Optional): If applicable, include a preliminary version of the Call for Papers (CFP). 
 Paper Publication: Specify the type and length of papers to be accepted if the workshop plans to publish papers. 
 Intended Audience: Outline plans for attracting submissions and workshop attendees. 
 Attraction and Engagement: A plan for attracting submissions and attendees to the workshop. 
 Organizer Bios: Briefly introduce the workshop organizers with their biographical information. 
 Previous Workshop Data (if applicable): Share details of past workshop editions, including attendance, submitted papers, and accepted papers. 
 Workshop Setup: Accepted workshops should be prepared to establish a dedicated website. If you plan to use a paper submission process with peer review, provide the submission link. 
 Dates 
 Workshops proposal deadline: Monday, March 10, 2025 
 Notification of acceptance: Monday, March 24, 2025 
 Camera-ready due: Monday, August 11, 2025 
 Conference: Sep 15-18, 2025 
 Contact information 
 Jay Lofstead, Workshops Co-Chair, Sandia National Laboratories, USA 
 Rocío Carratalá Sáez, Workshops Co-Chair, Universitat de València, Spain 
 Email contact:workshops@escience-conference.org 
  
 Important Dates 
 Monday, March 10, 2025 
 Workshop Submissions 
 Monday, May 5, 2025 
 Tutorial Submissions 
 Monday, May 5, 2025 
 Paper Submissions 
 Monday, June 23, 2025 
 Paper Notification 
 Monday, August 11, 2025 
 Camera-ready submissions 
 Monday, July 28, 2025 
 Poster Submissions 
 September 15-18, 2025 
 Conference 

©2025 IEEE International Conference on eScience. 
 Images by lifeforstock and benzoix on Freepikon Freepik

