Conference EICS:

Home 
 href="about-eics.html" - About EICS 
 href="cfp" - Contributions | href="cfp.html" - Full Papers & Technical Notes 
 Workshop Proposals 
 Demos and Posters 
 Late Breaking Results 
 Doctoral Consortium 
 Tutorials 
 href="cfp" - Program | Keynote Speakers 
 Workshops 
 href="cfp" - Attending | Accommodation 
 Committee 
 EICS 2025 
 The 17th ACM SIGCHI Symposium on Engineering Interactive Computing Systems 
 23-27 June 2025, Trier, Germany 
 Welcome toEICS 2025 
 EICS 2025is the seventeenth international ACM SIGCHI conference devoted to engineering interactive computing systems and their user interfaces addressing one or more software quality factors, such as usability user experience, reliability, security, etc. 
 Work presented at EICS covers all stages of the engineering life-cycle of interactive systems - inception, requirements, design, specification, coding data analytics, validation and verification, deployment and maintenance. EICS has the longest tradition of bringing together researchers who contribute to better ways of creating interactive computing systems stemming from the conference on command languages in the seventies. The conference is best known for rigorously contributing and disseminating research results that hold the midst in between user interface design software engineering and computational interaction. 
 EICS focuses on models, languages, notations, methods, techniques and tools that support designing, developing, validating and verifying interactive systems. The conference brings together people who study or practice the engineering of interactive systems, drawing from design, HCI, software engineering requirements engineering, software development, modeling, and programming. Submissions advance the state of the art of the engineering of interactive systems. 
 The conference proceedings are published by the ACM and appear in the ACM Digital Library. The full paper are published in the journal PACM EICS series. Further information athref="https://eics.acm.org/pacm/" - https://eics.acm.org/pacm/
. 
 LatestNews 
 20 November 2024 
 CfP for DC, Workshops and Tutorials are online 
 Venue 
 The conference will take place inTrier. 
 ThemeEventre© 2021, Designed & Developed byThemefisher 
 Photo credits: Presseamt Trier and Universität Trier 

Call for Papers information:
Home 
 href="about-eics.html" - About EICS 
 href="cfp" - Contributions | href="cfp.html" - Full Papers & Technical Notes 
 Workshop Proposals 
 Demos and Posters 
 Late Breaking Results 
 Doctoral Consortium 
 Tutorials 
 href="cfp" - Program | Keynote Speakers 
 Workshops 
 href="cfp" - Attending | Accommodation 
 Committee 
 Contents 
 href="#dates" - Important Dates 
 href="#callfullpapers" - Call Full Papers & Technical Notes 
 href="#aboutEICS" - About EICS 
 href="#topicsfp" - Topics 
 href="#submission-info-fp" - Submission Information 
 Properly Formatting Citations 
 Contacts 
 Anonymization Policy 
 href="https://new.precisionconference.com/submissions" - Submit a
                  Paper 
 Important Dates 
 All the dates are AoE 
 EICS PACM 2025, Round 1 
 Jul 26, 2024: | Paper submissions 
 Jul 30, 2024: | Editorial Board assignments 
 Aug 6, 2024: | Reviewer assignments 
 Sep 9, 2024: | Review deadline 
 Sep 12, 2024: | Meta-reviews 
 Sep 16, 2024: | Reviews sent to authors 
 Sep 23, 2024: | Rebuttal deadline 
 Sep 27, 2024: | Final Meta-reviews 
 Oct 1, 2024: | PC Meeting 
 Oct 3, 2024: | Final notification. 
 EICS PACM 2025, Round 2 
 Oct 25, 2024: | Paper submissions 
 Oct 28, 2024: | Editorial Board assignments 
 Nov 4, 2024: | Reviewer assignments 
 Nov 28, 2024: | Review deadline 
 Dec 2, 2024: | Meta-reviews 
 Dec 5, 2024: | Reviews sent to authors 
 Dec 12, 2024: | Rebuttal deadline 
 Dec 16, 2024: | Final Meta-reviews 
 Dec 18, 2024: | PC Meeting 
 Dec 20, 2024: | Final notification. 
 EICS PACM 2025, Round 3 
 Feb 14, 2025: | Paper submissions 
 Feb 18, 2025: | Editorial Board assignments 
 Feb 25, 2025: | Reviewer assignments 
 Mar 21, 2025: | Review deadline 
 Mar 25, 2025: | Meta-reviews 
 Mar 27, 2025: | Reviews sent to authors 
 Apr 4, 2025: | Rebuttal deadline 
 Apr 8, 2025: | Final Meta-reviews 
 Apr 10, 2025: | PC Meeting 
 Apr 14, 2025: | Final notification. 
 Call for Full Papers & Technical Notes 
 EICS Full Papers and Technical Notes are published as articles in the Journal Proceedings of the ACM on Human-Computer Interaction (PACM - EICS series). There are three submission deadlines per year, and authors can choose when to submit. Papers follow the traditional journal model of reviewing: papers may be accepted after submission and review, or may be recommended for revisions and re-submission to the next round to enable authors to refine papers based on reviewer recommendations. 
 Submissions for the journal of this venue should present original and mature research work within the scope of the conference. Note that accepted journal papers can be either regular research papers, or technical notes. Technical Notes are shorter, more focused contributions, that focus specifically on system contributions and technical work. Elucidating technical details of complex interactive systems, preferably ensuring the work can be reproduced or put to practice, is a primary objective of a Technical Note. Tech Notes require an illustrative example of the system, and they can, but do not need to be validated by formal user evaluations or user studies. Validation can also be done through e.g. simulation, feasibility, or comparisons. Tech Notes will be judged on their technical merits and relevance to interactive systems concerns. 
 There are no length restrictions on Full Papers and Technical Notes, nor any limit to the number of references that may be included. We advise authors to ensure the length of their papers is in function of the contributions. Concise and clear is often to be preferred over lengthy and verbose. 
 Full Papers and Technical Notes should be written in the ACM format, seehref="https://www.acm.org/publications/authors/submissions" - https://www.acm.org/publications/authors/submissions
Papers are submitted usinghttps://new.precisionconference.comGo to top 
 About EICS 
 EICS 2025 is the sixteenth international ACM SIGCHI conference devoted to engineering interactive computing systems and their user interfaces addressing one or more software quality factors, such as usability, user experience, reliability, security, etc. Work presented at EICS covers all stages of the engineering life-cycle of interactive systems - inception, requirements, design, specification, coding, data analytics validation and verification, deployment and maintenance. 
 EICS has the the longest tradition of bringing together researchers who contribute to better ways of creating interactive computing systems, stemming from the conference on command languages in the seventies. The conference is best known for rigorously contributing and disseminating research results that hold the midst in between user interface design, software engineering and computational interaction. 
 EICS focuses on models, languages, notations, methods, techniques and tools that support designing, developing, validating and verifying interactive systems. The conference brings together people who study or practice the engineering of interactive systems, drawing from design HCI, software engineering, requirements engineering, software development, modeling, and programming. 
 Go to top 
 Topics 
 Submissions advance the state of the art of the engineering of interactive systems. Topics include, but are not limited to: 
 Modeling, specification and analysis of interaction and interactive systems 
 Requirements engineering for interactive systems 
 Methods, processes, principles and/or tools for building interactive systems (e.g., design implementation, prototyping, evaluation, verification and validation, testing) 
 Software architectures for interactive systems 
 Formal methods within interactive systems engineering 
 Bridging the gap between engineering and design practices 
 Engineering design and evaluation tools 
 Computational techniques for designing and evaluating interactive systems 
 Interactive data-driven systems 
 Explore and/or employ of diverse interaction techniques and devices (e.g., adaptive, context-aware, tangible, haptic, touch and multitouch input, voice, gestures, recognition of physiological signals, multimodal input, mobile and wearable systems, virtual, augmented, mixed and extended reality) 
 Engineering hardware or software integration in interactive systems (e.g., fabrication and maker processes, physical computing, cyber-physical systems) 
 Engineering interactive systems for diverse user groups (e.g., children, elderly, people with disabilities,…) 
 Engineering collaborative multi-user interactive systems 
 Engineering interactive systems embedding AI-technologies 
 Engineering interaction-driven AI-technologies 
 Applying AI technologies in methods, processes and tools for building interactive systems in all stages of the engineering lifecycle 
 A newcomer’s guide to EICS is available inthe paper by López Jaquero et al.Go to top 
 Properly Formatting Citations 
 Authors are kindly requested to include references reporting the correct publication to facilitate the citation indexing in particular for conferences publishing papers on journals such as PACM. For instance, a (fictional) full paper presented at EICS 2025 should be referenced as follows. 
 John Doe, Jane Smith. 2025. Enhancing User Experience in Interactive Systems. Proc. ACM Hum.-Comput. Interact. 7, EICS, Article 123 (jun 2025), 16 pages,https://doi.org/10.1145/123456Please donotrefer to the paper as follows: 
 John Doe, Jane Smith. 2025. Enhancing User Experience in Interactive Systems. In Proc. of the 15th Symposium on Engineering Interactive Computing Systems (EICS 2025), 16 pages, https://doi.org/10.1145/123456 
 Go to top 
 Anonymization Policy 
 The papers review process is based on reviewing where the identities of both the authors and reviewers are kept hidden (but ACs know these details). Authors are expected to remove author and institutional identities from the title and header areas of the paper, as noted in the submission instructions (Note: changing the text color of the author information is not sufficient). Also, please make sure that identifying information does not appear in the document’s meta-data (e.g., the ‘Authors’ field in your word processor’s ‘Save As’ dialog box). In addition, we require that the acknowledgments section be left blank as it could also easily identify the authors and/or their institution. 
 Further suppression of identity in the body of the paper is left to the authors’ discretion. We do expect that authors leave citations to their previous work unanonymized so that reviewers can ensure that all previous research has been taken into account by the authors. However, authors are required to cite their own work in the third person, e.g., avoid “As described in our previous work [10], ... ” and use instead “As described by [10], ...” 
 If you for some very specific reasons have challenges with writing the paper in an anonymous way please contact the track chairs you are planning to submit to and ask for advice. In order to ensure the fairness of the reviewing process, we use a review process where external reviewers don’t know the identity of authors, and authors don’t know the identity of external reviewers. In the past few years, some authors have decided to publish their submissions in public archives prior to or during the review process. These public archives have surpassed in reach and publicity what used to happen with tech reports published in institutional repositories. The consequence is that well-informed external reviewers may know, without searching for it, the full identity and institutional affiliation of the authors of a submission they are reviewing. While reviewers should not actively seek information about author identity, complete anonymization is difficult and can be made more so by publication and promotion of work during the review process. While publication in public archives is becoming standard across many fields, authors should be aware that unconscious biases can affect the nature of reviews when identities are known. EICS does not discourage non-archival publication of work prior to or during the review process but recognizes that complete anonymization becomes more difficult in that context. 
 Go to top 
 Contacts 
 Should you have any doubt about your Full Paper proposal please contact the chairs (href="mailto:papers2025@eics.acm.org" - papers2025@eics.acm.org
) 
 Go to top 
 ThemeEventre© 2021, Designed & Developed byThemefisher