Conference FUSION:

 

Call for Papers information:
404 
 Page not found: /call-for-contributions 
 Go back home 

Important Dates information:
7th – 11th July 2025, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 
 HOMECALL FOR CONTRIBUTIONSSUBMITREGISTERPROGRAMVENUE & TRAVELORGANIZATIONSPONSORS 
 Home 
 Important Dates 
 Paper Submissions due:March 1st, 2025March 16th, 2025, Anywhere on Earth (AoE) 
 Acceptance Notification: May 1st, 2025, Anywhere on Earth (AoE) 
 Camera Ready due: June 1st, 2025, Anywhere on Earth (AoE) 
 Information Fusion conference is the premier international conference dedicated to theoretical and applied information fusion technologies. FUSION 2025, the 28th FUSION conference will be held in Rio de Janeiro, from July 7-11, 2025, the first ever in South America. 
 Rio de Janeiro never fails to impress with its modern outlook that reflects its progression through the times of yore. The historic sites, sparkling beaches, green belts and cheerful attitude of the locals attract tourists where heaven meets earth. If Ronaldo played football at the Maracanã stadium, then Christ the Redeemer put Rio on the world map. Rio's carnival, with its energetic samba dancers jiggling their hips, attracts thousands of tourists from around the world. The rain-forests, museums, beaches, gardens and the glitz of the city have made Rio what it is today Brazil's top-notch tourist destination. 
 The venue is at the center of the touristic zone of Rio de Janeiro in front of some of the most famous beaches - Copacabana. It provides excellent facilities, first-rate service levels, and all the additional amenities expected in major hotels, including easy access to various attractions - such as the Sugar Loaf, Christ the Redeemer, beaches and so much more. 
 In addition to the numerous attractions and activities located in the South Zone of Rio, Rio has much more to offer. From the pitoresc neighborhoods of Santa Teresa to Maracanã Stadium, from Gigoia Island to beautiful art museums, from Samba Schools to Lapa passing through the Royal Gabinet of Literature (one of the most beautiful libraries in the world) and the beaches of Barra da Tijuca. 
 Contact 
 href="mailto:contact@fusion2025.org" - contact@fusion2025.org