Conference GPC:

GPC2024 
 Home 
 Organisation Committee 
 Program Committee 
 href="callForPapers.html" - Call for Papers 
 Keynote Speakers 
 Registration 
 Accepted Paper List 
 Published Paper List 
 Program Booklet 
 Journal Special Issues 
 Sponsors 
 Travel & Visa 
 Contacts 
 GPC 2024 
 The 19thInternational Conference on Green Pervasive, and Cloud Computing 
 27-30 September 
 Macao, China 
 About The MeetingAbout The Meeting 
 The 19thInternational Conference on Green, Pervasive, and Cloud Computing (GPC 2024) focuses on pervasive and environmentally sustainable computing.GPC 2024 will be held in Macao, China, September 27-30 2024, hosted by University of Macau, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Harbin Institute of Technology, Harbin Engineering University and National Academy of Guo Ding Institute of Data Sciences. GPC 2024 will provide a forum for researchers and practitioners to discuss and exchange novel ideas, results, experiences and work-in-process on the Green, Pervasive, and Cloud Computing. 
 Where 
 Macao, 
 China 
 When 
 Friday to Monday 
 27-30 September 2024 
 Instruction 
 Instruction of GPC2024 
 Instruction 
 Green computing, in the context of cloud and pervasive computing, is an emerging research field in computer science and engineering. Pervasive and cloud computing are promising paradigms that have been seeing exponential growth in the deployments and poised to take major roles in human's daily life. But in order to realize this potential, both are facing the critical challenges related to energy consumption, for example, controlling the energy spent by the large-scale data centers and prolonging the battery life of mobile devices in pervasive computing and Internet of Things (IoT). New concepts and technologies such as mobile cloud computing (MCC), software-defined networking (SDN), Edge / Fog and hybrid cloud services can be explored to make data centers and wireless devices more energy efficient. 
  
 The 19thInternational Conference on Green, Pervasive, and Cloud Computing (GPC 2024) focuses on pervasive and environmentally sustainable computing. GPC 2024 will be held on 27th-30thSeptember 2024 at Macao, China, and will provide a forum for researchers and practitioners to discuss and exchange novel ideas, results, experiences and work-in-process on the Green, Pervasive, and Cloud Computing. 
  
 Past GPC 
 GPC 2023, Harbin, China 
 GPC 2022, Chengdu, China 
 GPC 2021, Haikou, China 
 GPC 2020, Xian, China 
 GPC 2019, Uberlândia, Brazil 
 GPC 2018, Hangzhou, China 
 GPC 2017, Cetara, Italy 
 Contact Us 
 For any question please do not hesitate to contact 
 href="gpc2024@hust.edu.cn" - gpc2024@hust.edu.cn
 
 Copyright 
 Copyright© GPC-2024. Created and Maintained by GPC-2024. 
 ↑ 

Call for Papers information:
GPC2024 
 Home 
 Organisation Committee 
 Program Committee 
 href="callForPapers.html" - Call for Papers 
 Keynote Speakers 
 Registration 
 Accepted Paper List 
 Published Paper List 
 Program Booklet 
 Journal Special Issues 
 Sponsors 
 Travel & Visa 
 Contacts 
 Call for Papers 
 Download- Call for Papers:href="./files/call_for_papers/Call_for_papers_GPC_2024.docx" - Call For Paper Word File Download
href="./files/call_for_papers/Call_for_papers_GPC_2024.pdf" - Call For Paper PDF File Download
Instruction 
 Green computing, in the context of cloud and pervasive computing, is an emerging research field in computer science and engineering. Pervasive and cloud computing are promising paradigms that have been seeing exponential growth in the deployments and poised to take major roles in human's daily life. But in order to realize this potential, both are facing the critical challenges related to energy consumption, for example, controlling the energy spent by the large-scale data centers and prolonging the battery life of mobile devices in pervasive computing and Internet of Things (IoT). New concepts and technologies such as mobile cloud computing (MCC), software-defined networking (SDN), Edge / Fog and hybrid cloud services can be explored to make data centers and wireless devices more energy efficient. 
  
 The 19thInternational Conference on Green, Pervasive, and Cloud Computing (GPC 2024) focuses on pervasive and environmentally sustainable computing. GPC 2024 will be held on 27th-30thSeptember 2024 at Macao, China, and will provide a forum for researchers and practitioners to discuss and exchange novel ideas, results, experiences and work-in-process on the Green, Pervasive, and Cloud Computing. 
  
 Scope and Topics 
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to: 
 Pervasive and Green Computing 
 Ubiquitous computing and mobile human-computer interaction 
 Intelligent digital health care, education, media games, etc. 
 Smart factory and intelligent industry 
 Smart building and smart home 
 Smart grid applications 
 Social network and services 
 Green urban computing 
 Wireless and Ubiquitous Networking 
 Energy efficient communication 
 Millimeter-wave and terahertz communication 
 Slicing 
 Ubiquitous communications and networks 
 Internet architecture 
 Vehicular Networks 
 Robotic and drone-based networking 
 Mobile Sensing and Computing 
 Applications of machine learning to mobile / wireless research 
 Implanted and wearable sensing and computing 
 Mobile data science and analysis 
 Mobile human-computer interaction 
 Mobile systems for smart spaces 
 Mobile health, web, video, virtual reality, and other applications 
 Embedded and energy-harvesting systems 
 Edge Intelligence 
 Cloud, edge / fog, cluster, and grid computing systems 
 Robotic and drone-based networking 
 Low-latency and energy-aware processing 
 Artificial intelligent in distributed computing systems 
 Model compression 
 Fault tolerance, reliability and survivability in edge computing 
 Information security and privacy in edge computing 
 Cyber-Physical-Social Systems 
 Socially-aware computing 
 Green cyber-physical systems 
 Human-machine intelligence 
 Human-in-the-loop computing 
 Human-centered computing 
 Security and privacy issues 
 Context-aware systems 
 Industrial Digitization and Applications 
 Internet of things 
 Big data and digital twin 
 Infrastructure softwarization 
 Self-organization and organic computing 
 Economy and business models for industry applications 
 Service level agreements (SLAs) guarantee 
 Hardware and software reliability, verification and testing 
 Incentives and innovative pricing for the management of cloud resources 
 Artificial intelligence techniques in network and system security and privacy 
 Paper Submission Guidelines 
 Submission will be electronic in PDF format through the Easy Chair system athref="https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/gpc2024" - https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/gpc2024
. The submitted materials should not be submitted or published elsewhere. Each paper is limited to 16 pages including figures and references using Springer LNCS template (LaTeX2e_Proceedings_Templates_download.zip,Microsoft_Word_Proceedings_Templates.zip). Papers will be selected based on their originality, timeliness, significance, relevance, and clarity of presentation. Submission of a paper should be regarded as a commitment that, should the paper be accepted, at least one of the authors will register and attend the conference to present the work. 
  
 Manuscript templates for the Conference Proceedings can be found at:https://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs 
 Important Dates 
 Paper Submission Deadline 
 Jun. 30, 2024 
 Acceptance 
 Jul. 10, 2024 
 Contact Us 
 For any question please do not hesitate to contact 
 href="gpc2024@hust.edu.cn" - gpc2024@hust.edu.cn
 
 Copyright 
 Copyright© GPC-2024. Created and Maintained by GPC-2024. 
 ↑