Conference full name: Workshop on Applications of Graph Theory in Wireless Ad hoc Networks and Sensor Networks (Graph-hoc)

1. Website of Graph-hoc_2: https://www.scribd.com/document/832498555/17th-International-Conference-on-Applications-of-Graph-Theory-in-Wireless-Ad-hoc-Networks-and-Sensor-Networks-GRAPH-HOC-2025
Website information of Graph-hoc_2:

Open navigation menuClose suggestionsSearchSearch 
 enChange Language 
 UploadSign in 
 Sign in 
 Download free for days 
 0 ratings0% found this document useful (0 votes) 
 8 views2 pages 
 17th International Conference on Applications of Graph Theory in Wireless Ad hoc Networks and Sensor Networks (GRAPH-HOC 2025) 
 The 17th International Conference on Applications of Graph Theory in Wireless Ad hoc Networks and Sensor Networks (GRAPH-HOC 2025) will take place on July 19-20, 2025, in Toronto, Canada. Th… 
 Full description 
 Uploaded by 
 itiijournal 
 AI-enhanced description 
 Document Informationclick to expand document information 
 The 17th International Conference on Applications of Graph Theory in Wireless Ad hoc Networks and Sensor Networks (GRAPH-HOC 2025) will take place on July 19-20, 2025, in Toronto, Canada. The conference aims to share knowledge and advancements in graph theory applications within these networks, inviting authors to submit original research by March 1, 2025. Selected papers will be published in various journals, with important dates including notification of authors on April 12, 2025, and registration due by April 19, 2025. 
 Download nowDownloadDownload as pdf or txt 
 Save 17th International Conference on Applications of G... For Later 
 Download 
 SaveSave 17th International Conference on Applications of G... For Later 
 0%0% found this document useful, undefined 
 0%, undefined 
 Embed 
 Share 
 Print 
 Report 
 0 ratings0% found this document useful (0 votes) 
 8 views2 pages 
 17th International Conference on Applications of Graph Theory in Wireless Ad hoc Networks and Sensor Networks (GRAPH-HOC 2025) 
 The 17th International Conference on Applications of Graph Theory in Wireless Ad hoc Networks and Sensor Networks (GRAPH-HOC 2025) will take place on July 19-20, 2025, in Toronto, Canada. Th… 
 Full description 
 Uploaded by 
 itiijournal 
 AI-enhanced description 
 Document Informationclick to expand document information 
 The 17th International Conference on Applications of Graph Theory in Wireless Ad hoc Networks and Sensor Networks (GRAPH-HOC 2025) will take place on July 19-20, 2025, in Toronto, Canada. The conference aims to share knowledge and advancements in graph theory applications within these networks, inviting authors to submit original research by March 1, 2025. Selected papers will be published in various journals, with important dates including notification of authors on April 12, 2025, and registration due by April 19, 2025. 
 Download nowDownloadDownload as pdf or txt 
 Save 17th International Conference on Applications of G... For Later 
 Carousel PreviousCarousel Next 
 SaveSave 17th International Conference on Applications of G... For Later 
 0%0% found this document useful, undefined 
 0%, undefined 
 Embed 
 Share 
 Print 
 Report 
 Download nowDownload 
 Download as pdf or txt 
 You are on page 1/ 2 
 Search 
 Fullscreen 
 17th International Conference on Applicationsof Graph Theoryin WirelessAd hocNetworks and Sensor Networks (GRAPH-HOC2025)July19~20,2025,Toronto,Canada 
 href="https://cseit2025.org/graph-hoc/index" - https://cseit2025.org/graph-hoc/index
href="https://cseit2025.org/graph-hoc/index" - 
Scope17 
 th 
 International Conference on Applicationsof Graph Theoryin WirelessAd hocNetworks and Sensor Networks (GRAPH-HOC2025) 
 will provide an excellentinternational forumfor sharing knowledge and resultsin theory,methodologyand applicationsofGraph Theory in Wireless Ad hoc Networks andSensor Networks. The Conference looksfor significant contributions to all major fields of the Applications in Graph Theory in WirelessAdhocNetworksandSensorNetworks.intheoretical andpractical aspects. Theaimof theconference is to provide aplatform to theresearchersandpractitioners from both academia aswell as industry to meet and share cutting-edge development in the field.Authors are solicited to contribute to the conference by submitting articles that illustrateresearch results,projects,surveying works and industrial experiences that describe significantadvances in the following areas but are not limited to: 
 Topics ofinterest include, but are not limited to, the following 
  
 AlgorithmsforSchedulingandResourceAllocationProblemsAlgorithmsforTopologyControland Power Assignment 
  
 ApplicationsofRandomGraphTheoryinAdHocNetworksandSensorNetworks 
  
 ApproximationHeuristicsforNP-completeproblemsrelatedtoAdHocNetworks 
  
 Connectivity Analysis under Different Mobility Models 
  
 Data Gathering Algorithms and Protocols for Sensor Networks 
  
 Distributed extensions of centralized graph theoretic routing algorithms 
  
 Evacuation Routing AlgorithmsandProtocols for VehicularAd Hoc Networks 
  
 Secure Routing Algorithms and Protocols Based on Graph Theory 
 href="https://cseit2025.org/graph-hoc/index" - 
PaperSubmission 
 Authorsareinvitedtosubmitpapersthroughtheconferencehref="https://cseit2025.org/submission/index.php" - 
href="https://cseit2025.org/submission/index.php" - Submission System
href="https://cseit2025.org/submission/index.php" - 
byMarch 01,2025 
 .Submissions must be originaland should not have been published previously or be underconsideration for publication while being evaluated for this conference. The proceedings of theconference will be published byComputerScienceConference ProceedingsinComputerScience & Information Technology (CS & IT)series (Confirmed).Selected papers from 
 GRAPH-HOC2025 
 , after further revisions, will be published in thespecial issue of the following journal. 
  
 International Journal of Ad hoc, sensor & Ubiquitous Computing (IJASUC) 
 International Journal ofAdvanced Smart Sensor Network Systems ( IJASSN ) 
 International Journal on AdHoc Networking Systems (IJANS) 
 Information Technology in Industry (ITII)Important Dates 
  
 Submission Deadline:March 01,2025 
  
 AuthorsNotification: 
 April12,2025 
  
 Registration & camera 
 – 
 Ready PaperDue: 
 April19,2025 
 Contact Us: 
 Here you can Reach Us on:href="http://mailto:graphhoc@cseit2025.org" - 
href="http://mailto:graphhoc@cseit2025.org" - graphhoc@cseit2025.org
href="http://mailto:graphhoc@cseit2025.org" - 
orgraphhoconfe@yahoo.com 
 href="http://mailto:graphhoc@cseit2025.org" - 
href="https://cseit2025.org/submission/index.php" - 
Share this document 
 Share on Facebook, opens a new window 
 Share on LinkedIn, opens a new window 
 href="mailto:?subject=Read 17th International Conference on Applications of Graph Theory in Wireless Ad hoc Networks and Sensor Networks (GRAPH-HOC 2025) on Scribd&body=I’m reading 17th International Conference on Applications of Graph Theory in Wireless Ad hoc Networks and Sensor Networks (GRAPH-HOC 2025) on Scribd: https%3A%2F%2Fwww.scribd.com%2Fdocument%2F832498555%2F17th-International-Conference-on-Applications-of-Graph-Theory-in-Wireless-Ad-hoc-Networks-and-Sensor-Networks-GRAPH-HOC-2025" - Share with Email, opens mail client 
 Copy link 
 Millions of documents at your fingertips, ad-freeSubscribe with a free trial 
 Footer menu 
 Back to top 
 About 
 About Scribd, Inc. 
 Everand: Ebooks & Audiobooks 
 SlideShare 
 Join our team! 
 Contact us 
 Support 
 Help / FAQ 
 Accessibility 
 Purchase help 
 AdChoices 
 Legal 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 Copyright 
 Do not sell or share my personal information 
 Social 
 InstagramInstagram 
 FacebookFacebook 
 PinterestPinterest 
 Get our free apps 
 About 
 About Scribd, Inc. 
 Everand: Ebooks & Audiobooks 
 SlideShare 
 Join our team! 
 Contact us 
 Legal 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 Copyright 
 Do not sell or share my personal information 
 Support 
 Help / FAQ 
 Accessibility 
 Purchase help 
 AdChoices 
 Social 
 InstagramInstagram 
 FacebookFacebook 
 PinterestPinterest 
 Get our free apps 
 Documents 
 Language: 
 Englishclose menuEnglish(selected) 
 Español 
 Português 
 Deutsch 
 Français 
 Русский 
 Italiano 
 Română 
 Bahasa Indonesia 
 Learn more 
 Copyright © 2025 Scribd Inc. 
 Language: 
 Englishclose menuEnglish(selected) 
 Español 
 Português 
 Deutsch 
 Français 
 Русский 
 Italiano 
 Română 
 Bahasa Indonesia 
 Learn more 
 Copyright © 2025 Scribd Inc. 
 576648e32a3d8b82ca71961b7a986505

2. Website of Graph-hoc_2: https://users.ece.cmu.edu/~oyagan/conferences.html
Website information of Graph-hoc_2:

Osman Yağan 
 Home 
 Biography 
 Grants & Awards 
 Research Group 
 PhD Students 
 MS Students 
 Publications 
 href="journals.html" - Journal papers
href="conferences.html" - Conference papers
Theses 
 Teaching 
 Spring 2022 
 Previous 
 Links 
 Google scholar 
 High res. picture | Osman Yağan 
 Conference Papers 
 I. Juneja, C. Joe-Wong, and O. Yağan,href="Conferences/ICLR2025.pdf" - Pairwise Elimination with Instance-Dependent Guarantees for Bandits with Cost Subsidy
,The Thirteenth International Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR 2025), April 2025. 
 E. C. Elumar, C. Tekin and O. Yağan,Multi-armed Bandits with Probing,IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT 2024), July 2024. 
 Y. Tian and O. Yağan,Multi-Dimensional Threshold Model With Correlation: Emergence of Global Cascades,IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC 2024), June 2024. 
 Y. Tian and O. Yağan,Spreading processes with population heterogeneity over multi-layer networks,IEEE Global Communications Conference (GLOBECOM 2023), December 2023. 
 I. Murdock, K. M. Carley, O. Yağan,An Agent-Based Model of Reddit Interactions and Moderation,The IEEE/ACM International Conference on Advances in Social Networks Analysis and Mining (ASONAM 2023), November 2023.(Best Paper Award) 
 M. Sood, R. Eletreby, S. Kumar, C. W. Wu, and O. Yağan,The Interplay of Clustering and Evolution in the Emergence of Epidemics on Networks,IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC 2023), June 2023. 
 E. C. Elumar and O. Yağan,Analyzingr-Robustness of Random K-out Graphs for the Design of Robust Networks,IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC 2023), June 2023. 
 I-C. Lin, O. Yağan, and C. Joe-WongEvaluating the Optimality of Dynamic Coupling Strategies in Interdependent Network Systems,IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC 2023), June 2023. 
 S. Gupta, J. Zuo, C. Joe-Wong, G. Joshi, and O. Yağan,Correlated Combinatorial Bandits for Online Resource Allocation,23rd International Symposium on Theory, Algorithmic Foundations, and Protocol Design for Mobile Networks and Mobile Computing (MobiHoc 2022), Seoul, South Korea, October 2022. 
 Y. Tian, A. Sridhar, C. Wu, S. Levin, H. V. Poor, and O.Yağan,The Role of Masks in Mitigating Viral Spread on Networks,NetSci 2022, July 2022 (Oral Presentation). 
 V. Singh, O. Yağan, and S. Kumar,SelfieStick: Towards Earth Imaging from a Low-Cost Ground Module Using LEO Satellites,International Conference on Information Processing in Sensor Networks (IPSN 2022), May 2022.(Best Paper Award) 
 E. C. Elumar and O. Yağan,Robustness of Random K-out Graphs,60th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC 2021), December 2021. 
 V. Singh, A. Prabhakara, D. Zhang, O. Yağan, and S. Kumar,A Community-Driven Approach to Democratize Access to Satellite Ground Stations,The 27th Annual International Conference on Mobile Computing and Networking (MobiCom’21), October 2021. 
 E. C. Elumar, M. Sood, O. Yağan,On the Connectivity and Giant Component Size of Random K-out Graphs Under Randomly Deleted Nodes,IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT 2021), July 2021. 
 M. Sood and O. Yağan,Tight Bounds for the Probability of Connectivity in Random K-out Graphs,IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC 2021), June 2021.(Best Paper Award) 
 S. Gupta, S. Chaudhari, S. Mukherjee, G. Joshi and O. Yağan,A Unified Approach to Translate Classical Bandit Algorithms to Structured Bandits,IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing (ICASSP 2021), June 2021. 
 A. Sridhar, O. Yağan, R. Eletreby, S. A. Levin, J. B. Plotkin, H. V. Poor,Leveraging a Multiple-Strain Model with Mutations in Analyzing the Spread of COVID-19,IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing (ICASSP 2021), June 2021. 
 Y. Tian, A. Sridhar, O. Yağan, H. V. Poor,Analysis of the Impact of Mask-wearing in Viral Spread: Implications for COVID-19,American Control Conference (ACC 2021), May 2021. 
 M. Sood, A. Sridhar, C. Wu, R. Eletreby, H. V. Poor, and O.Yağan,Epidemic Spreading of Mutating Contagions over Multi-layer Contact Networks,Networks 2021 (NetSci 2021), July 2021 (Oral Presentation). 
 M. Sood and O. Yağan,On the Size of the Giant Component in Inhomogeneous Random K-out Graphs,59th IEEE Conference on Decision and Control (CDC 2020), December 2020. 
 R. Eletreby, Y. Zhuang, K. M. Carley, O. Yağan, and H. V. Poor,Evolution and Emergence of Spreading Processes in Complex Networks,Network Science Society Conference (NetSci 2020)(Oral Presentation), Rome (Italy), September 2020. 
 M. Sood and O. Yağan,k-Connectivity in Random Graphs induced by Pairwise Key Predistribution Schemes,IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT 2020), Los Angeles (LA), July 2020. 
 S. Gupta, S. Chaudhari, G. Joshi and O. Yağan,Multi-armed Bandits with Correlated Arms, ICML Workshop on Theoretical Foundations of Reinforcement Learning, July 2020 
 S. Gupta, G. Joshi and O. Yağan,Correlated Multi-armed Bandits with a Latent Random Source,45th International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing (ICASSP 2020), Barcelona (Spain), May 2020. 
 M. Sood and O. Yağan,Towards k-connectivity in Heterogeneous Sensor Networks under Pairwise Key Predistribution,IEEE Global Communications Conference (GLOBECOM 2019), Waikoloa (HI), December 2019. 
 Y. Zhuang and O. Yağan,Multi-Stage Complex Contagions in Random Multiplex Networks,IEEE Global Communications Conference (GLOBECOM 2019), Waikoloa (HI), December 2019. 
 R. Eletreby and O. Yağan,On the Connectivity of Inhomogeneous Random K-out Graphs,IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT 2019), Paris (FRANCE), July 2019. 
 Y. Zhuang and O. Yağan,A Vector Threshold Model for the Simultaneous Spread of Correlated Influence,IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC 2019), Shanghai (CHINA), May 2019. 
 O. Ozel, B. Sinopoli and O. Yağan,Optimizing Robustness against Cascading Failures under Max-Load Targeted Attack, European Control Conference (ECC 2019), Napoli, Italy, June 2019. 
 S. Gupta, G. Joshi and O. Yağan,Active Distribution Learning from Indirect Samples,56th Annual Allerton Conference on Communications, Control and Computing, Monticello (IL), October 2018. 
 Y. Zhang and O. Yağan,Robustness of Interdependent Cyber-Physical Systems against Cascading Failures,57th IEEE Annual Conference on Decision and Control (CDC 2018), Miami Beach (FL), December 2018. 
 R. Eletreby and O. Yağan,Connectivity of Wireless Sensor Networks Secured by The Heterogeneous Random Pairwise Key Predistribution Scheme,57th IEEE Annual Conference on Decision and Control (CDC 2018), Miami Beach (FL), December 2018. 
 R. Eletreby, Y. Zhuang, and O. Yağan,Evolution of Spreading Processes on Complex Networks,Conference on Complex Systems (CCS 2018), Thessaloniki (GREECE), September 2018 (Oral Presentation). 
 Y. Zhuang and O. Yağan,Multi-Stage Complex Contagions in Random Multiplex Networks,Network Science (NetSci 2018), Paris (FRANCE), June 2018 (Oral Presentation). 
 R. Eletreby, Y. Zhuang, and O. Yağan,Evolution of Spreading Processes on Complex Networks,Information Theory and Applications Workshop (ITA 2018), San Diego (CA), February 2018 (Invited). 
 R. Eletreby, D. Zhang, S. Kumar, and O. Yağan,Empowering Low-Power Wide Area Networks in Urban Settings, SIGCOMM, Los Angeles (CA), August 2017. 
 R. Eletreby and O. Yağan,Secure and reliable connectivity in heterogeneous wireless sensor networks,IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT 2017), Aachen (Germany), June 2017. 
 R. Eletreby and O. Yağan,Connectivity of inhomogeneous random key graphs intersecting inhomogeneous Erdős-Rényi graphs,IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT 2017), Aachen (Germany), June 2017. 
 Y. Zhuang, A. Arenas and O. Yağan,Clustering determines the dynamics of complex contagions in multiplex networks,Network Science (NetSci 2017), Indianapolis (IN), June 2017 (Oral Presentation). 
 Y. Zhang and O. Yağan,Robustness of interdependent networks under a flow redistribution model,Network Science (NetSci 2017), Indianapolis (IN), June 2017 (Oral Presentation). 
 T. Yu, Y. Zhuang, O. J. Mengshoel, and O. Yağan,Hybridizing Personal and Impersonal Machine Learning Models for Activity Recognition on Mobile Devices,The 8th EAI International Conference on Mobile Computing, Applications and Services (MobiCASE 2016), London (UK), December 2016. 
 R. Eletreby and O. Yağan,Reliability of Wireless Sensor Networks under a Heterogeneous Key Predistribution Scheme,55th IEEE Annual Conference on Decision and Control (CDC 2016), Las Vegas (NV), December 2016. 
 R. Eletreby and O. Yağan,Node isolation of secure wireless sensor networks under a heterogeneous channel model,54th Annual Allerton Conference on Communications, Control and Computing, Monticello (IL), October 2016. 
 Y. Zhang and O. Yağan,Optimizing the robustness of electrical power systems against cascading failures,Network Science (NetSci 2016), Seoul (South Korea), May 2016 (Oral Presentation). 
 Y. Zhuang and O. Yağan,Complex Contagions in Clustered Random Multiplex Networks,Network of Networks (NetONets 2016), Seoul (South Korea), May 2016. 
 O. Yağan,Connectivity in inhomogeneous random key graphs,IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT 2016), Barcelona (Spain), July, 2016. 
 R. Eletreby and O. Yağan,Minimum node degree in inhomogeneous random key graphs with unreliable links,IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT 2016), Barcelona (Spain), July, 2016. 
 E. Chatziafratis, Y. Zhang, and O. Yağan,On the robustness of power systems: optimal load-capacity distributions and hardness of attacking,Information Theory and Applications Workshop (ITA 2016), San Diego (CA), February 2016 (Invited). 
 Y. Zhuang and O. Yağan,Bond percolation in clustered multilayer networks,The Asilomar Conference on Signals, Systems, and Computers, Pacific Grove (CA), November 2015 (Invited). 
 O. Yağan,Absence of isolated nodes in inhomogeneous random key graphs,53rd Annual Allerton Conference on Communications, Control and Computing, Monticello (IL), October 2015. 
 A. M. Makowski and O. Yağan,On the Eschenauer-Gligor key predistribution scheme under on-off communication channels: The absence of isolated nodes,53rd Annual Allerton Conference on Communications, Control and Computing, Monticello (IL), October 2015. 
 F. Yavuz, J. Zhao, O. Yağan and V. Gligor,Designing secure and reliable wireless sensor networks under a pairwise key predistribution scheme,IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC 2015), London (UK), June 2015. 
 J. Zhao, O. Yağan and V. Gligor,Applications of Random Intersection Graphs to Secure Sensor Networks – Connectivity Results,SIAM Workshop on Network Science (NS 2015), Snowbird (UT), May 2015. 
 J. Zhao, O. Yağan and V. Gligor,Exact Analysis of k-Connectivity in Secure Sensor Networks with Unreliable Links,13th Intl. Symposium on Modeling and Optimization in Mobile, Ad Hoc, and Wireless Networks (WiOpt 2015), Mumbai (India), May 2015. 
 J. Zhao, O. Yağan and V. Gligor,Random intersection graphs and their applications in security, wireless communication, and social networks,Information Theory and Applications Workshop (ITA 2015), San Diego (CA), February 2015 (Invited). 
 J. Zhao, O. Yağan and V. Gligor,On k-Connectivity and Minimum Vertex Degree in Random s-Intersection Graphs,SIAM Meeting on Analytic Algorithmics and Combinatorics (ANALCO 2015), San Diego (CA), January 2015. 
 J. Zhao, O. Yağan and V. Gligor,Connectivity in Secure Wireless Sensor Networks under Transmission Constraints,52nd Annual Allerton Conference on Communications, Control and Computing, Monticello (IL), October 2014. 
 J. Zhao, O. Yağan and V. Gligor,On the Strengths of Connectivity and Robustness in General Random Intersection Graphs,53rd IEEE Annual Conference on Decision and Control (CDC 2014), Los Angeles (CA), December 2014. 
 F. Yavuz, J. Zhao, O. Yağan and V. Gligor,On secure and reliable communications in wireless sensor networks: Towards k-connectivity under a random pairwise key predistribution scheme,IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT 2014), Honolulu (HI), July 2014. 
 J. Zhao, O. Yağan and V. Gligor,On Topological Properties of Wireless Sensor Networks under the q-Composite Key Predistribution Scheme with On-Off Channels,IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT 2014), Honolulu (HI), July 2014.(Best Student Paper Finalist) 
 J. Zhao, O. Yağan and V. Gligor,Secure k-Connectivity in Wireless Sensor Networks under an On/Off Channel Model,IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT 2013), Istanbul (Turkey), July 2013. 
 A. M. Makowski and O. Yağan,Random threshold graphs with exponential fitness: The width of the phase transition for connectivity,IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT 2013), Istanbul (Turkey), July 2013. 
 D. Qian, O. Yağan, L. Yang, J. Zhang,Diffusion of Real-Time Information in Social-Physical Networks,IEEE Global Communications Conference (GLOBECOM 2012), Anaheim (CA), December 2012. 
 O. Yağan and A. M. Makowski,Connectivity results for sensor networks under a random pairwise key predistribution scheme,IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT 2012), Boston (MA), July 2012. 
 O. Yağan, D. Qian, J. Zhang and D. Cochran,Information Diffusion in Overlaying Social-Physical Networks,46th Annual Conference on Information Sciences and Systems (CISS 2012), Princeton (NJ), March 2012. 
 O. Yağan and A. M. Makowski,On the resiliency of sensor networks under the pairwise key distribution scheme,22nd Annual IEEE International Symposium on Personal, Indoor and Mobile Radio Communications (PIMRC 2011), September 2011. 
 O. Yağan and A. M. Makowski,Designing securely connected wireless sensor networks in the presence of unreliable links,IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC 2011), June 2011. 
 O. Yağan and A. M. Makowski,On the gradual deployment of random pairwise key distribution schemes,9th Intl. Symposium on Modeling and Optimization in Mobile, Ad Hoc, and Wireless Networks (WiOpt 2011), May 2011. 
 O. Yağan, D. Qian, J. Zhang and D. Cochran,On allocating interconnecting links against cascading failures in cyber-physical networks,Third International Workshop on Network Science for Communication Networks (NetSciCom 2011), April 2011. 
 O. Yağan and A. M. Makowski,Connectivity in random graphs induced by a key predistribution scheme – Small key pools,44th Annual Conference on Information Sciences and Systems (CISS 2010), Princeton (NJ), March 2010. 
 O. Yağan and A. M. Makowski,Random key graphs – Can they be small worlds?,The First International Workshop on Applications of Graph Theory in Wireless Ad hoc Networks and Sensor Networks (NETCOM 2009), Chennai (India), December 2009. 
 O. Yağan and A. M. Makowski,On the existence of triangles in random key graphs,47th Annual Allerton Conference on Communications, Control and Computing, Monticello (IL), September 2009. 
 O. Yağan and A. M. Makowski,Connectivity results for random key graphs,IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT 2009), Seoul (Korea), June 2009. 
 O. Yağan and A. M. Makowski,On the random graph induced by a random key predistribution scheme under full visibility,IEEE International Symposium on Information Theory (ISIT 2008), Toronto (Canada), June 2008. 
 Page generated 2025-01-22 12:48:09 EST, byjemdoc+MathJax.

3. Website of Graph-hoc_2: https://www.sigmetrics.org/sigmetrics2025/call_for_papers.html
Website information of Graph-hoc_2:

ACMSIGMETRICS 2025 
 Stony Brook, New York, USA 
 June 9-13, 2025 
 Toggle navigationMenuHome 
 Registration 
 Organization 
 Program Committee 
 href="call_for_papers.html" - Call for Papers 
 Tutorials 
 href="accepted_papers.html" - Accepted Papers 
 Workshops 
 Mentoring Workshop 
 href="student_activities.html" - Student Research Competition (SRC) 
 Conference Sponsorship 
 Venue & Travel 
 Accommodation 
 Call for Papers 
 Overview 
 The 2025 ACM SIGMETRICS conference will be held atStony Brook University, New York, USA, on June 9-13 2025.We solicit papers on the design, modeling, measurement, and performance analysis of computer systems. A good submission typically focuses on a well-motivated problem in computer systems, proposes a principled solution using modeling, measurement, and performance analysis, and empirically validates the solution through simulations and/or implementation. The research may target systems in a broad range of domains, including networking, high-performance computing, machine learning, IoT, cloud, edge, multimedia, mobile, and cyber-physical systems. The work may target diverse system metrics such as latency, throughput, reliability, cost, accuracy, fairness, energy, and carbon footprint. 
  
 The conference presents papers that have been accepted to appear in the Proceedings of the ACM on Measurement and Analysis of Computing Systems (POMACS). There are multiple deadlines to submit your work in time for a presentation at the conference (see below). A panel of reviewers will consider all accepted and eligible papers for the Best Paper Awards and the Kenneth C. Sevcik Outstanding Student Paper Award. Additionally, a selection of the accepted papers, as identified by a panel of reviewers, may be nominated for publication as Research Highlights in the Communications of the ACM (CACM). 
 Topics 
 We solicit papers describing original and previously unpublished research. Specific topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the following. 
 Quantitative measurement, design and evaluation studies of: 
 Computer and communication networks, protocols and algorithms 
 Wireless, mobile, ad-hoc and sensor networks, IoT applications, and blockchain networks 
 Systems for machine learning, Machine learning for systems 
 Computer architectures, hardware accelerators, multi-core processors, memory systems and storage networks 
 High Performance Computing 
 Operating systems, file systems and databases 
 Virtualization, data centers, distributed and cloud computing, fog and edge computing 
 Mobile and personal computing systems 
 Energy-efficient and sustainable computing systems 
 Real-time and fault-tolerant systems 
 Security and privacy of computing and networked systems 
 Software systems and services, and enterprise applications 
 Social networks, metaverse, multimedia systems, Web services 
 Cyber-physical systems, including the smart grid 
 Quantum computing and communication 
 Methodologies, formalisms, metrics, solution techniques and algorithms for: 
 Machine learning, AI, Big data, data mining, graph analysis, optimization 
 Analytical modeling techniques and model validation 
 Workload characterization and benchmarking 
 Performance, scalability, power and reliability analysis 
 Sustainability analysis and power management 
 System measurement, performance monitoring and forecasting 
 Anomaly detection, problem diagnosis, and troubleshooting 
 Capacity planning, resource allocation, run-time management and scheduling 
 Experimental design, statistical analysis, simulation 
 Game theory, network economics, and platform design 
 Important Dates 
 There are three submission opportunities over the course of the year. 
 Summer submission website: | sigmetrics25summer.hotcrp.com | Registration of abstract: | July 31, 2024 
 Paper submission: | August 7, 2024 
 Author notification: September 24, 2024 
 Fall submission website: | sigmetrics25fall.hotcrp.com | Registration of abstract: | October 2, 2024 
 Paper submission: | October 9, 2024 
 Author notification: December 10, 2024 
 Winter submission website: | sigmetrics25winter.hotcrp.com | Registration of abstract: | January 15, 2025 
 Paper submission: | January 22, 2025 
 Author notification: March 18, 2025 
 Deadlines are hard and at 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth). 
 Papers may be submitted to any deadline and, upon acceptance, papers will be scheduled for publication in theProceedings of the ACM on Measurement and Analysis of Computing Systems(POMACS) and presentation at the ACM SIGMETRICS conference. The journal publication of accepted papers will appear in the issue of POMACS immediately following acceptance; i.e., papers that are accepted for the Summer and Fall deadlines will appear in POMACS before the conference. 
 Submission Instructions 
 Papers must be submitted electronically in printable pdf form via the submission site posted on this page. All submissions should satisfy the following requirements: 
 Soft Tracking | : SIGMETRICS uses "soft" tracking to better match reviewers with submitted papers and to more clearly define the scope of submissions. All submissions, regardless of the selected track, will be treated equally in terms of acceptance criteria and review guidelines. Authors must select a track from among the four listed on the submission website when submitting their paper. Optionally, a second track may be selected only for papers with a strong inter-disciplinary element. For authors who have difficulty selecting a track, the PC chairs will be available to provide advice. The four tracks adopted for SIGMETRICS 2025 (for all three deadlines) are: 
 Learning. | Papers in this track make progress on either (i) the design and analysis of machine learning and AI algorithms, broadly defined, or (ii) the application of tools from machine learning and AI, broadly defined, to the design, control, and optimization of computing, networked, social, or cyber-physical systems. The areas of interest include, but are not limited to, learning theory, online learning, reinforcement learning, deep learning, trustworthy learning (causality, fairness, privacy), and distributed learning, as well as their applications to systems. 
 Measurement & Applied Modeling. | Papers in this track make an empirical or applied contribution. They often either (i) draw significant insights from real or synthetic data through access to new data sources or experiments, or through novel analysis of existing data sources; and/or (ii) propose and apply a new model or simulation tool to capture real-world phenomena. Papers in this track may present general-purpose measurement or simulation methodologies, or may focus on a specific application domain, or a particular technology, and explain data obtained from measurements of that domain or technology. 
 Systems. | Papers in this track make a contribution to the design, implementation, and/or practical evaluation of computing, networked, social, or cyber-physical systems. A good submission to this track will make a contribution to the modeling and performance analysis of the system prior to empirical validation. The areas of interest include, but are not limited to networking, distributed systems computer architecture, wireless networks, edge/IoT applications, high-performance computing, cloud computing, energy efficiency, real-time and fault-tolerant computing, security and privacy, social networks,cyber-physical systems, and the smart grid. System papers with a strong machine learning and AI focus are encouraged to apply to the Learning track. 
 Theory. | Papers in this track make progress on existing theoretical problems, propose new ones, or introduce significant new analysis techniques. The areas of interest include but are not limited to stochastic processes & applied probability, graph theory, scheduling & resource allocation, queueing theory, caching theory, algorithms, mathematical optimization, control theory, market design & game theory, privacy & security, network science, and algorithmic fairness. 
 In addition to tracks, authors must select one or more topics from a list provided in the submission site. 
 The submission may have up to 20 pages, in single-column | acmsmall template format | , for technical content (including all tables and figures), plus unlimited pages for references. No changes to margins, spacing, or font sizes are allowed from those specified by the style files. Papers violating the formatting guidelines will be returned without review. Additionally, authors may supplement their paper with an appendix, whose length is not constrained. However it may only be used for the purpose of justifying the technical correctness of the claims stated in the body of the paper, e.g., a subset of the proofs or additional experimental validation. Note that the novelty of the submission will be judged based on the technical content of the paper and the reviewers are not obliged to read the appendix. 
 Reviewing is double anonymous (also known as double blind); please do NOT include your name or affiliation on the submission. Please refer to the anonymity guidelines below in the Policies section. 
 Authors must truthfully declare all conflicts with program committee members on the submission page. If a paper is found to have undeclared conflicts or has listed false conflicts, the paper may be rejected. Conflicts include shared institutional affiliations, collaborations (joint research, authorship, or funding) that occurred in the last 24 months before the selected submission deadline or are expected in the near future, past or current PhD student/supervisor relationships, and close personal or family relationships. 
 Authors are encouraged to conform to the inclusivity guidelines provided in the Diversity and Inclusiveness section below. 
 The Reviewing Process 
 Papers invited to present at the SIGMETRICS conference are journal papers accepted to the Proceedings of the ACM on Measurement and Analysis of Computing Systems (POMACS). The reviewing process for submissions is a hybrid of the traditional conference and journal models in computer science. There are three possible outcomes from the first round of submission: 
 Accept with Shepherding: | Every accepted paper will be shepherded in order to ensure that important suggestions from the reviewers are incorporated into the final version of the paper. 
 Reject: | If the paper is rejected it may not be resubmitted to any SIGMETRICS deadline within 12 months following the initial submission of the paper. 
 Resubmit: | For papers that are close to the acceptance threshold, but require a major revision prior to acceptance, the 12-month resubmission ban is waived and a resubmit option is offered. Authors may then resubmit a revision of the paper during one of the next three submission deadlines (this may fall into ACM SIGMETRICS 2026 deadlines). The revision will be treated the same as a new submission and may be reviewed by a different set of reviewers. 
 Policies 
 Anonymity guidelines: | ACM SIGMETRICS is double anonymous, meaning that authors should make a good-faith effort to anonymize their papers. As an author, you should not identify yourself in the paper either explicitly or by implication (e.g., through the references or acknowledgments). However, only non-destructive anonymization is required. For example, system names may be left un-anonymized, if the system name is important for a reviewer to be able to evaluate the work. Specifically, please take the following steps when preparing your submission: 
 Remove authors' names and affiliations from the title page. 
 Remove acknowledgment of identifying names and funding sources. 
 Use care in naming your files. Source file names, e.g., Joe.Smith.dvi, are often embedded in the final output as readily accessible comments. 
 Use care in referring to related work, particularly your own. Do not omit references to provide anonymity, as this leaves the reviewer unable to grasp the context. Instead, a good solution is to reference your past work in the third person, just as you would any other piece of related work. 
 If you need to reference another submission at ACM SIGMETRICS 2025 on a related topic, reference it as follows: "A related paper describes the design and implementation of our compiler [Anonymous 2025]." with the corresponding citation: "[Anonymous 2025] Under submission. Details omitted for double anonymous reviewing." 
 If you cite anonymous work, you should also send the deanonymized reference(s) to the PC chairs in a separate email. 
 Publication of a pre-submission version of the submission on your personal website, institutional archive, or the arXiv is allowed. We encourage the authors to do so as far away as possible from the submission deadline, as potential reviewers may be automatically notified (e.g., if subscribed to receive updates on recently posted papers). In addition, authors should take care not to widely broadcast information about their arXiv submission, for example, on social media forums or a general press release or large mailing lists where PC members in the recipient list or audience can easily identify the authors. 
 PC members and other reviewers are expected to not actively attempt to deanonymize papers. In either case, if there is a breach of double anonymous reviewing, the author and the reviewer should report it to the PC chairs. 
 For accepted papers, it is expected that the list of authors will not change between the last submission and the final camera-ready copy. 
 The paper must have a | substantive title and abstract | . Placeholders are not allowed after the registration deadline. Any submission that does not have a substantive title and abstract by the registration deadline will be rejected without further notice. 
 Submissions must present | original research | . However, previous publication of preliminary work as an extended abstract at a workshop is acceptable as long as the submission includes substantial new material. Further, in such cases, authors should (i) acknowledge their own previous workshop publications with an anonymous citation, and (ii) explain the differences between the SIGMETRICS submission and the prior workshop paper. A rule of thumb is that a prior workshop publication should be at most 6 pages long, not including references. 
 It is ACM policy not to allow | simultaneous submissions | , where the same paper is concurrently submitted to more than one conference/journal. Any simultaneous submissions detected will be immediately rejected from all conferences/journals involved, and the authors may be blacklisted if multiple such violations are detected, including across conference editions. It is considered a simultaneous submission for a paper that is being considered for a one-shot revision to be submitted to another conference/journal before being withdrawn from the SIGMETRICS process. This applies to all papers, i.e., even authors who wish to opt out of POMACS can only submit to a journal after they have received a decision from SIGMETRICS. 
 All accepted papers will undergo a shepherding process. The camera-ready paper must be approved by the shepherd for final publication prior to any upload to the ACM camera-ready management system. No unauthorized changes to the body of the paper or references are allowed in between shepherd approval and camera-ready upload. Violations will be investigated by the conference leadership and may lead to sanctions. 
 Authors have the option to "opt out" of publication in the ACM POMACS journal if they would like to publish their work in some other journal. Authors who choose this option must still present their work at the conference and undergo shepherding under the same terms as papers that will appear in ACM POMACS. Additionally, a 1-2 page extended abstract of the work must be included in Performance Evaluation Review. This abstract must contain a link to an online version of the full paper that will be maintained for at least 2 years. 
 For papers that decide to "opt out", an expedited review process of accepted papers will be provided by the following journals: ACM Transactions on Modeling and Performance Evaluation of Computer Systems Elsevier Performance Evaluation, INFORMS Operations Research, Stochastic Models, and Stochastic Systems. In each case, after you have notified the TPC Chairs of your decision, you should prepare your manuscript using the same preparation guidelines as standard papers for the journals, indicate in the cover letter that the paper was published at SIGMETRICS, and submit the paper with an authors' response to the SIGMETRICS reviews. Note that, in all cases, the paper will undergo a separate reviewing process within these journals, and acceptance at SIGMETRICS does not guarantee acceptance of the journal submission. 
 Papers accompanied by nondisclosure agreement forms will not be considered. All submissions will be treated as confidential prior to publication. Rejected submissions will be permanently treated as confidential. 
 To avoid any potential bias, the core conference organizers, including the General Chairs and Program Chairs, will not submit papers to any of the SIGMETRICS submission deadlines in this call for papers. PC members and other Organizing Committee members, however, are allowed to submit their papers. 
 Ethical Considerations 
 Papers describing experiments with users or user data (e.g., network traffic, passwords, social network information), should follow the basic principles of ethical research, e.g., beneficence (maximizing the benefits to an individual or to society while minimizing harm to the individual), minimal risk (appropriateness of the risk versus benefit ratio), voluntary consent, respect for privacy, and limited deception. When appropriate, authors are encouraged to include a subsection describing these issues. Authors may want to consult thehref="https://www.caida.org/publications/papers/2012/menlo_report_actual_formatted/" - Menlo
            Report
for further information on ethical principles, or thehref="https://conferences.sigcomm.org/imc/2007/papers/imc80.pdf" - Allman/Paxson IMC '07
            paper
for guidance on ethical data sharing. 
 Authors must, as part of the submission process, attest that their work complies with all applicable ethical standards of their home institution(s), including but not limited to privacy policies and policies on experiments involving humans. Note that submitting research for approval by one's institution's ethics review body is necessary, but not sufficient--in cases where the PC has concerns about the ethics of the work in a submission, the PC will have its own discussion of the ethics of that work. The PC's review process may examine the ethical soundness of the paper just as it examines the technical soundness. 
 As a published ACM author, you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies, including ACM's new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects. In particular, authors must follow the basic research and publication principle outlined by theACM Publication Board's Policies and Proceduresand theACM Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct. Relevant policies regarding the publication and review processes include ACM's policies on coercion and abuse in theACM publications process, and onplagiarism misrepresentation, and falsification. 
 Diversity and Inclusiveness 
 As part of our efforts at fostering diversity and inclusiveness, we provide the following guidelines to assist you when preparing your paper submission and/or your conference presentation. 
 Inclusivity Guidelines: Good technical writing often requires pedagogical examples to explain complex ideas. These provide an opportunity to promote inclusiveness by challenging implicit biases and assumptions.Avoid gender-specific pronouns if possible. Where required, consider interspersing a balance of male ("he", "his"), female ("she", "her"), and gender-neutral ("they", "their") ones. 
 Use gender-neutral names in examples. Instead of Alice and Bob, try Alex and Jun. Consider names that reflect a variety of cultural backgrounds: Esteban, Naveena, Sasha, Sergey, Tuan, Xin, and so on. 
 Refrain from assuming binary gender. For instance, the "gender" column in a table of data should have more than just "male" and "female" values. 
 Be mindful of people's diverse backgrounds. Not everyone has two parents. Not every marriage involves "husband" and "wife". Not everyone lives in a house, or has a car. 
 Accessibility Guidelines:Color and hearing perception varies from person to person depending on age color blindness, distance, visual acuity, etc. Make sure that the contents of your paper are accessible to all by considering the following:Use patterns, symbols, and textures to emphasize and contrast visual elements in graphs and figures rather than using colors alone. Graphs should be readable either in monochrome or color versions. 
 Use a color palette that is designed for visually-impaired or color-blind people. Avoid poor color combinations such as green/red or blue/purple. 

Contact the SIGMETRICS 2025 PC chairs atsigmetrics25tpcchairs@sigmetrics.orgin case of questions or concerns. 
 SIGMETRICS 2025 - Stony Brook, New York, USA - June 9-13, 2025

