Conference HPDC:

href="https://hpdc.sci.utah.edu/" - HPDC Conference series website
Home(current) 
 Organization 
 href="./calls.html" - Calls | href="./calls.html" - General Info
href="./calls-cfp.html" - Papers
href="./calls-wst.html" - Workshops and Tutorials
href="./calls-posters.html" - Posters
href="./calls-awards.html" - Award Nominations
Travel Grant 
 Program | Schedule 
 Workshops and Tutorials 
 href="./calls-awards.html" - HPDC Award 
 Registration 
 Travel Grant 
 Venue 
 HPDC 2025 
 July 20-23, 2025 
 Notre Dame, IN, USA 
  
 The 34th ACM International Symposium on High-Performance Parallel and Distributed Computing is scheduled on July 20-23, 2025 and will be held in Notre Dame, IN, USA. 
 The ACM International Symposium on High-Performance, Parallel and Distributed Computing (HPDC) is the premier annual conference for presenting the latest research on the design, implementation, evaluation, and the use of parallel and distributed systems for high-end computing. 
 Main Conference: 
 Duncan Student Center, 
 7th Floor Ballroom 
 University of Notre Dame 
 Notre Dame, IN 46556 USA 
 Workshops: 
 The Morris Inn 
 University of Notre Dame 
 Notre Dame, IN 46556 USA 
 Call for hosting future editions of HPDC conference. 
 The HPDC conference steering committee is soliciting bids from HPDC community members to host future editions of the HPDC conference. 
  
 Please contactDevesh Tiwari and Jon Weissman. Initially, only a brief (maximum a two-page long) proposal is expected; a compelling proposal should succinctly articulate the track record of organizers, potential conference venues and expected costs, local HPDC community engagement level, and plans to engage with academic, industrial, and government partners.A successful, long proposal bid example (from 2018) can be foundhref="https://www.hpdc.org/bid-proposal.pdf" - here.
Sponsored by: 
 Important DatesAoEDecember 9, 2024.Workshop and Tutorial Proposal Submission Deadline 
 December 16, 2024.Notification of Acceptance (Workshops and Tutorials) 
 February 6, 2025.(Firm) Paper Submission Deadline (Technical Papers) 
 February 28, 2025.HPDC 2025 Achievement Award Nomination Deadline 
 March 13, 2025.Poster Submission Deadline 
 March 21, 2025.Notification for HPDC 2025 Achievement Award 
 April 4, 2025.Notification of Acceptance (Technical Papers) 
 April 7, 2025.Notification of Acceptance (Posters) 
 April 13, 2025.Travel Grant Application Deadline 
 April 21, 2025.Notification of Awards (Travel Grant) 
 May 1, 2025.Camera-ready Version (Technical Papers) 
 Last updated: April 02, 2025, 20:55:43. 
 © 34th ACM International Symposium on High-Performance Parallel and Distributed Computing 

Call for Papers information:
href="https://www.hpdc.org" - HPDC Conference series website
Home 
 Organization 
 href="./calls.html" - Calls | href="./calls.html" - General Info
href="./calls-wst.html" - Workshops and Tutorials
href="./calls-awards.html" - Award Nominations 
 Program | Schedule 
 href="./calls-awards.html" - HPDC Award 
 Venue 
 HPDC 2025 
 July 20-23, 2025 
 Notre Dame, IN, USA 
  
 Call for Papers 
 Overview 
 The ACM International Symposium on High-Performance Parallel and Distributed Computing (HPDC) is the premier annual conference for presenting the latest research on the design, implementation, evaluation, and use of parallel and distributed systems for high-end computing. The 33rd HPDC will take place in Pisa, Italy, June 3-7, 2024. 
 Scope and Topics 
 Submissions are welcomed on high-performance parallel and distributed computing (HPDC) topics including but not limited to: clouds, clusters, grids, big data, massively multicore, and extreme-scale computing systems. Experience reports of operational deployments that provide significantly novel insights for future research on HPDC applications and systems are also welcome. 
 In the context of high-performance parallel and distributed computing, the topics of interest include, but are not limited to: 
 Datacenter, HPC, cloud, serverless, and edge/IoT computing platforms 
 Heterogeneous computing accelerators and non-volatile memory systems 
 File and storage systems, I/O, and data management 
 Operating systems and networks 
 System software and middleware for parallel and distributed systems 
 Programming languages and runtime systems 
 Big data stacks and big data ecosystems 
 Scientific applications, algorithms, and workflows 
 Resource management and scheduling 
 Performance modeling, benchmarking, and engineering 
 Fault tolerance, reliability, and availability 
 Operational guarantees, risk assessment, and management 
 Novel post-Moore computing technologies including neuromorphic, brain-inspired computing, and quantum computing 
 Important DatesAoECallshref="./calls.html" - Back to calls 
 Page Sectionshref="#categories" - Paper Submission Categories 
 href="#guidelines" - Submission Guidelines 
 href="#anonymization" - Anonymizing Submissions 
 Confidential Information 
 href="#arxiv" - arXiv Submission Policy 
 href="#authlist" - Author List After Acceptance 
 Conflict of Interest Declaration 
 Ethical Guidelines 
 Inclusivity 
  
 Paper Submission Categories 
 Submissions to HPDC can be made in one of the following two categories: (1) regular papers, or (2) open-source tools and data papers. The primary focus of regular papers should be to describe new research ideas supported by experimental implementation and evaluation of the proposed research ideas. The primary focus of open-source tools and data should be to describe the design, development, and evaluation of new open-source tools or novel data sources. Submissions in the regular papers category are also strongly encouraged to open-source their software or hardware artifacts. 
  
 The authors are required to indicate the category of the paper as a part of the submitted manuscript's title. The last line of the title should indicate the paper type by using one of the two phrases (1) Paper Type: Regular, or (2) Paper Type: Open-source tools and data paper. 
  
 Submissions in both categories will be evaluated to the same standards in terms of novelty, scientific value, demonstrated usefulness and potential impact on the field. The chosen category at the time of the submission can not be changed after the submission deadline. 
  
 Submission Guidelines 
 Authors are invited to submit technical papers of at most 11 pages in PDF format, excluding references. Accepted papers will have the flexibility to use an additional page in the camera-ready to incorporate feedback from the reviewers. Papers should be formatted in the ACM Proceedings Style (using sigconf fromhttps://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template) and submitted via the conference submission website. Submitted papers must be original work that has not appeared in and is not under consideration for another conference or a journal. 
  
 Anonymizing Submissions 
 HPDC uses double-blind reviewing. Avoid identifying yourself or your institution explicitly or by implication (e.g., through the references or acknowledgments). The first page should use the paper ID assigned during registration in place of the author names. 
  
 Use care in referring to your own related work. Do not omit references to your prior work, as this would make it difficult for reviewers to place your submission in its proper context. Instead, reference your past work in the third person, just as you would any other piece of related work. In some cases, it is not credible to refer to your related work in the third person. For example, your submission may extend a previous workshop paper, or it may relate to a submission currently under review at HPDC or another venue. In these cases, you must still explain the differences between your HPDC submission and the other work, but you should cite the other work anonymously and e-mail the deanonymized work to the PC chairs. 
  
 If your submission reports on experiences with a system at your institution, you should refer to the system anonymously but describe the properties of the system that are needed to evaluate the work (e.g., size of the user base, volume of requests, etc.). We recognize that, in some cases, these properties may allow a reviewer to identify your institution. Tool/data papers should also adhere to the double-blind submission policy. If the described tool/dataset framework is already widely used by the research community, consider describing the framework using a different name and not sharing the open-source code repository in the paper. 
  
 Confidential Information 
 Papers containing information that is subject to a non-disclosure agreement (NDA) will not be considered for review. 
  
 arXiv Submission Policy 
 Please note that having an arXiv paper does not prohibit authors from submitting a paper to HPDC 2024. arXiv papers are not peer-reviewed and not considered as formal publications and hence do not count as prior work. Authors are not expected to compare against arXiv papers that have not formally appeared in previous conference or journal proceedings. If a submitted paper is already on arXiv, please continue to follow the double-blind submission guidelines. Authors are encouraged to use preventive measures to reduce the chances of accidental breach of anonymity (e.g., use a different title in the submission and do not upload/revise the arXiv version during the review period after the submission deadline). 
  
 Author List After Acceptance 
 Please note that the author list cannot be changed after acceptance. 
  
 Conflict of Interest Declaration 
 At the time of submission, all authors must indicate their conflict of interest with the PC members. A conflict of interest may be institutional, collaborative or personal. Please see detailed guidelines about how to accurately declare a conflict of interest on the submission website. 
  
 ACM Policy on Authorship 
 Please refer to the ACM Policy on Authorship for all other guidelines. The frequently asked questions page (https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/frequently-asked-questions) provides policies on the use of generative AI tools in preparing manuscripts. 
  
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies including ACM's new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects. Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy. 
  
 Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an ORCID ID, so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made a commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors. The collection process has started and will roll out as a requirement throughout 2022. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts. 
  
 Contact PC Chairs 
 David Lowenthal (dkl@cs.arizona.edu) 
 Rosa M. Badia (rosa.m.badia@bsc.es) 
  
 Submissions 
 You can reach the submission site by clicking on the red button below. 
  
 HPDC Submission Site 
  
 Suggestions for Document Preparation for Authors 
 Formatting the Introduction Section 
 HPDC authors are encouraged to structure their introduction section of the paper in the following format (as subsections or headings). 
 Motivation. | Clearly state the objective of the paper and provide (quantitative) support to motivate the specific problem your submission is solving 
 Limitation of state-of-art approaches. | Briefly review the most relevant and most recent prior works. Clearly articulate the limitations of prior works and how your approach breaks away from those limitations. A more detailed discussion should be reserved for the related work section. But, this section should be sufficient to help readers recognize the novelty of your approach 
 Key insights and contributions. | Briefly articulate the major insights that enable your approach or make it effective. Clearly specify the novelty of these insights and how they advance state-of-the-art. Describe the key ideas of your approach and design. List the key contributions including flagship empirical results and improvement over the prior art as applicable 
 Experimental methodology and artifact availability. | Clearly specify the key experimental / simulation infrastructure and methodological details. Support the experimental methodology choices (e.g., cite that most relevant and most recent prior works have evaluated their ideas using similar methodology). Include a line to indicate whether the software/hardware artifact will be available upon acceptance 
 Limitations of the proposed approach. | Almost all scientific contributions have limitations and scope for improvement. Clearly articulate all the major limitations of the proposed approach and identify conclusions that are sensitive to specific assumptions made in the paper. 
 Please note this suggested format is not a requirement for submission, and authors will not be penalized for using a different format. 
 Ethical Considerations 
 If your research describes a new security-related attack, please consider adding information about the responsible disclosure to the relevant entity. Overall as appropriate and relevant, the paper should follow the ethical principles and not alter the security/privacy/equality expectations of the associated human users. 
  
 Inclusive Description of Research Contributions 
 Please consider making your research contribution description inclusive in nature. For example, consider using gender-neutral pronouns, consider using examples that are ethnicity/culture-rich, consider engaging users from diverse backgrounds if your research involves a survey, etc. Best efforts should be made to make the paper accessible to visually impaired or color-blind readers. 
 href="./calls.html" - Go back to Calls
Last updated: October 21, 2024, 15:59:58. 
 © 34th International Symposium on High-Performance Parallel and Distributed Computing