Conference full name: IEEE International Conference on Computer Design (ICCD)

1. Website of ICCD_3: https://www.iccd-conf.com/
Website information of ICCD_3:



2. Website of ICCD_3: https://www.iccd-conf.com/Call_for_papers.html
Website information of ICCD_3:

The 43rdIEEE International Conference on Computer Design 
 (ICCD 2025) 
 November 10-12, 2025 
 Dallas, USA 
 HomeAbout ICCDAttendConference VenueTravel & Hotel InformationSocial EventCall for Contributionshref="./Call_for_papers.html" - Call for Papers
href="./Call_for_special_sessions.html" - Call for Special Sessions
href="./Call_for_tutorials.html" - Call for Tutorials
CommitteeOrganizing CommitteeProgram CommitteeSteering CommitteePast ConferencesmailCall For Papers 
 IMPORTANT DATES: 
  
 Paper submission deadline:May 11, 2025, 11:59pm AOE 
 Notification of Acceptance:August 01, 2025 
  
 ICCD encompasses a wide range of topics in the research, design, and implementation of computer systems and their components. ICCD's multi-disciplinary emphasis provides an ideal environment for developers and researchers to discuss practical and theoretical work covering systems and applications, computer architecture, verification and test, design tools and methodologies, circuit design, and technology. We especially encourage submissions that look forward to future systems and technologies in one of the following tracks: 
 Computing Systems 
 Software Architectures, Compilers, and Tool Chains 
 Hardware Architectures 
 Test, Verification and Security 
 Electronic Design Automation 
 Logic and Circuit Design 
 Paper Submission Information 
 The papers will be submitted via Easychair system: | href="https://easychair.org/conferences?conf=iccd20250" - https://easychair.org/conferences?conf=iccd20250 
 Papers should be formatted according to the IEEE conference paper guidelines ( | http://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html | ) using the | letter | page size and a 10-pt font size. 
 Submissions are double-blind; all information identifying authors should be removed. 
 In the submission stage, paper size is limited to 8 pages, including figures, references, and appendix. 
 All papers will be evaluated with regard to their suitability for the conference, originality and technical soundness. The program committee reserves the right to accept a submission as a short 4 pages paper. Please note that short papers are not accepted during the initial submission phase. 
 Each accepted paper must be accompanied by a unique full registration in order to be included in the program. 
 Each accepted paper must be presented by one of the authors in person at the conference in order to be included in the published proceedings. 
 The list of authors, paper title, and abstract must be registered in the Easychair system by the abstract submission deadline. 
 The full paper must be submitted by the paper submission deadline. 
  
 Any questions about submission should be directed to the Program Chairs,Fei YaoandWei Zhang. Please consult the ICCD 2025 website for additional information about the conference and submission details. 
 Sponsored by:

3. Website of ICCD_3: http://iccd-conf.com/2019/
Website information of ICCD_3:

ICCD 2019 
 Home 
 href="Program_2019_.html" - Technical Program 
 Local Arrangements Information 
 Visa Information 
 Organizing Committee 
 Program Committee 
 Student Travel Grants 
 href="Call_for_papers.html" - Call for Papers
href="cfp_ICCD2019_V2.pdf" - (pdf) 
 href="index.html?page=paper_submission" - Paper Submission 
 Tutorials 
 Keynote Speakers 
 Conference Registration 
 Social Events 
 href="index.html?page=ICCD_Previous_Editions" - Past Conferences 
  
 Important Dates: 
 Abstract Submission 
 21-June-2019, 11:59pm AOE 
 28-June-2019, 11:59pm AOE(Extended) 
 Paper Submission 
 28-June-2019, 11:59pm AOE 
 7-July-2019, 11:59pm AOE(Extended) 
 Notification 
 9-Sept-2019 
 Camera-Ready 
 30-Sept-2019 
 href="mailto:mm6446+iccd19@nyu.edu" - Contact Us
href="https://twitter.com/IEEE_ICCD_2019?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw" - Follow @IEEE_ICCD_2019
Web Chair | 37thIEEE International Conference on Computer Design 
 November 17 - 20, 2019 
 Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates (U.A.E.) 
 New York University Abu Dhabi Campus – Building A6 (click for directions) 
  
 Keynote Speakers 
 Keynote 1: Professor Thorsten Holz (Ruhr-University Bochum) 
 Keynote 2: Professor Onur Mutlu (ETH Zurich) 
 Keynote 3: Dr. Najwa Aaraj (UAE Technology Innovation Institute) 
 href="Aitken.html" - Keynote 4: Dr. Rob Aitken (Arm Research)
 
 Best-Paper Award 
 Wen Li, Ying Wang, Huawei Li, and Xiaowei Li, "RRAMedy: Protecting ReRAM-based Neural Network from Permanent and Soft Faults During Its Lifetime" 
  
 Early Access to proceedings 
 The conference attendees can visit the following site:href="http://conferences.computer.org/iccd/2019" - http://conferences.computer.org/iccd/2019
and log on (username: iccd19, password: conf19//) to view the proceedings during the conference. 
 The IEEE International Conference on Computer Design encompasses a wide range of topics in the research, design, and implementation of computer systems and their components. ICCD’s multi-disciplinary emphasis provides an ideal environment for developers and researchers to discuss practical and theoretical work covering systems and applications, computer architecture, veriﬁcation and test, design tools and methodologies, circuit design, and technology. We especially encourage submissions that look forward to future systems and technologies. 
 The theme for ICCD'19 is cybersecurity. 
 Original manuscripts are welcomed to be submitted to the following tracks: 
 Track 1. Computer Systems:Systems architecture (memory hierarchy, memory, storage, NoC), and systems software (compiler, programming language/model, OS, hypervisor, runtime) design and co-design for embedded/real-time systems, high-performance computing (HPC) systems, data center and cloud/edge servers, exascale systems; General purpose multi/many cores, co-processors, accelerators, and application-specific systems; Support for security, reliability, and energy efficiency and proportionality; Architectures and compilers for thread parallelism, synchronization, and communication; Virtual memory; Systems support for NVMs and future novel computing platforms including quantum, neuromorphic, and bio-inspired computing; Specialized OS, runtime, and storage systems for high-performance computing and exascale systems. 
 Track 2. Electronic Design Automation:System-level design and synthesis; High-level, logic and physical synthesis; Physical planning, design, and early estimation for large circuits; Automatic analysis and optimization of timing, power, variability/yield, temperature, and noise; Physical design, including floorplanning, placement, and routing; Clock-tree synthesis; Verification methods at different levels of the EDA flow; Tools for multiple-clock domains, asynchronous, and mixed timing methodologies; CAD support for FPGAs, ASSPs, structured ASICs, platform-based design and NOC; DfM and OPC methodologies; Tools and design methods for emerging technologies (MEMs, spintronics, nano, quantum). 
 Track 3. Embedded Systems and IoT:All aspects of embedded systems, and IoT devices; Ubiquitous computing, and sensing; Cloud computing; Wireless sensor networks; RFID; Data collection, and information management; Digital control; Man-machine interaction; Plant automation systems, and optimal resource allocation; Factory of the future; IoT sensors for supply-chain management; Blockchain for enterprise resource planning, and supply-chain management; Safety, maintainability, and availability; Fail-safe vs. fail-operational; Smart environments; Smart water; Smart energy, and smart grid; Smart homes; Smart driving, smart traffic; Pervasive sensing, and control devices; Linking the cyber and biological worlds; Brain-machine interfaces; Body-area networks; Wireless implanted interfaces. 
 Track 4. Logic and Circuit Design:Circuits and design techniques for digital, memory, analog and mixed-signal systems; Circuits and design techniques for high performance and low power; Circuits and design techniques for robustness under process variability, electromigration, and radiation; Design techniques for emerging and maturing technologies (MEMs, nano-spintronics, quantum, flexible electronics, multigate devices, in-memory computing); Asynchronous circuit design; Signal-processing, graphic-processor, and datapath circuits. 
 Track 5. Processor Architecture:Microarchitecture design techniques for single- and multi-core processors, such as instruction-level parallelism, pipelining, caching, branch prediction, and multithreading; Techniques for low-power, secure, and reliable processors; Embedded, network, graphic, system-on-chip, application-specific and digital signal processor design; Hardware support for processor virtualization; Real-life design challenges: case studies, tradeoffs, postmortems. 
 Track 6. Test, Verification, and Security:Design error debug and diagnosis; Fault modeling; Fault simulation and ATPG; Analog/RF testing; Statistical test methods; Large volume yield analysis and learning; Fault tolerance; DFT and BIST; Functional, transaction-level, RTL, and gate-level modeling and verification of hardware designs; Equivalence checking, property checking, and theorem proving; Constrained-random test generation; High-level design and SoC validation; Hardware security primitives; Side-channel analysis; Logic and microarchitectural countermeasures; Hardware security for IoT; Interaction between VLSI test and trust. 
 Sponsored by:

4. Website of ICCD_3: https://www.computer.org/csdl/proceedings/iccd/2025/23b5kgfBC4E
Website information of ICCD_3:

Opens in a new windowOpens an external websiteOpens an external website in a new windowClose this dialogThis website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising.You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.Privacy PolicyStorage PreferencesTargeted Advertising 
 Personalization 
 Analytics 
 SaveAccept AllReject AllClose Cookie PreferencesJoin Us 
 Sign In 
 My Subscriptions 
 Magazines 
 Journals 
 Video Library 
 Conference Proceedings 
 Individual CSDL Subscriptions 
 Institutional CSDL Subscriptions 
 Resources | Career Center 
 Tech News 
 Resource Center 
 Press Room 
 Advertising 
 Librarian Resources 
 IEEE.org 
 Help 
 About Us 
 Career Center 
 Cart 
 Create Account 
 Sign In 
 Toggle navigation 
 My Subscriptions 
 Browse Content 
 Resources 
 Sign up for our newsletter. 
 EMAIL ADDRESS 
 IEEE COMPUTER SOCIETY 
 About Us 
 Board of Governors 
 Newsletters 
 Press Room 
 IEEE Support Center 
 Contact Us 
 DIGITAL LIBRARY 
 Magazines 
 Journals 
 Conference Proceedings 
 Video Library 
 COMPUTING RESOURCES 
 Jobs Board 
 Courses & Certifications 
 Webinars 
 Podcasts 
 Tech News 
 Membership 
 COMMUNITY RESOURCES 
 Conference Organizers 
 href="https://www.computer.org/publications/author-resources" - Authors 
 Chapters 
 Communities 
 BUSINESS SOLUTIONS 
 Corporate Partnerships 
 Conference Sponsorships & Exhibits 
 Advertising 
 Recruiting 
 Digital Library Institution Subscriptions 
 POLICIES 
 Privacy 
 Accessibility Statement 
 IEEE Nondiscrimination Policy 
 XML Sitemap 
 ©IEEE — All rights reserved. Use of this website signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions. 
 A public charity, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.

