Conference International Conference on Entertainment Computing (ICEC):

href="/" - IFIP/IPSJ ICEC2025
Homehref="/cfp" - CFP
RegistrationKeynotesAccessOrganizationお使いのブラウザは video タグをサポートしていません。ICEC2025 
 August 27-30, Tokyo, Japan 
 News 
 href="./cfp-wp/" - Call for Work-in-Progress | is added. (Mar. 26, 2025) 
 Registration Information | is added. (Mar. 24. 2025) 
 Deadline of Conference Track Full paper is extended to Mar. 31. (Mar. 14. 2025) 
 Notification of Journal Papers is extended to Mar. 14. (Mar. 11, 2025) 
 href="./cfp-sc/" - Call for Student Competition | is added. (Mar. 10, 2025) 
 Important Notices 
 Submission Deadlines 
 Journal Track: | January 24th | February 3rd, 2025 
 Workshop proposal: | February 14th | February 18th, 2025 
 Conference tracks: 
 Full paper: | March 17th | March 31st, 2025 
 Work in progress/Interactive work/Doctor consortium/Student competition: | April 11th, 2025 
 Doctor consortium w/o proceedings: | July 4th, 2025 
 The date is in AoE (Anywhere on Earth). 
 Please read thehref="./cfp/" - CFP page
for more information. 
 About IFIP-ICEC 2025 
 The 24th International Federation for Information Processing – International Conference on Entertainment Computing (IFIP-ICEC 2025) will be held in Tokyo, Japan on August 27th to 30th, 2025. 
 The conference is organized by the IFIP TC14 – Entertainment Computing Technical Committee, and will be hosted by Nihon University, Tokyo, Japan. 
 IFIP-ICEC is the longest lasting and prime scientific conference series in the area of Entertainment Computing. It brings together practitioners, researchers, artists, designers, and industry on the design, creation, development, use, application and evaluation of digital entertainment content and experience systems. This event covers a diverse array of related research issues, including interactive art, game-based learning, XR technologies and ethical considerations associated with entertainment. 
 Contact 
 icec2025-pc [at] easychair.org 
 © 2024-2025, IFIP-ICEC 2025. All rights reserved. 

Call for Papers information:
href="/" - IFIP/IPSJ ICEC2025
Homehref="/cfp" - CFP
RegistrationKeynotesAccessOrganizationCall for Paper 
 href="#journal" - Journal Track 
 href="#conf" - Conference Track 
 Work-in-Progress 
 Workshop 
 Interactive Entertainment Showcase 
 Student Competition 
 The 24th IFIP INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON ENTERTAINMENT COMPUTING 
 Date: 27th - 30th August, 2025 
 Location: Nihon University, Tokyo, JAPAN 
 href="https://icec2025.entcomp.org/" - https://icec2025.entcomp.org/
The 24th International Federation for Information Processing – International Conference on Entertainment Computing (IFIP ICEC 2025) will be held in Tokyo, Japan, from 27th to 30th August. The conference is organized by the IFIP TC14 Entertainment Computing Technical Committee and hosted by the IPSJ SIG-EC and Nihon University. IFIP ICEC is one of the longest-running, most prestigious scientific conferences in the field of Entertainment Computing, bringing together practitioners, researchers, artists, designers, and industry professionals focused on the creation, development, and application of digital entertainment content and experience systems. It covers a wide range of research areas, including interactive art, game-based learning, XR technologies, and the ethical implications of entertainment. 
 Important Dates 
 The date is in AoE (Anywhere on Earth). 
 Submission Deadlines 
 We invite submissions under the following categories (deadlines): 
 Journal Papers: | 24th January | 3rd Feburary, 2025 
 Workshop Proposals: | 14th | 18th February, 2025 
 Tutorial Proposals: | 14th February, 2025 
 Conference Papers: | 17th | 31st March, 2025 
 Interactive Entertainment Showcase: | 11th April, 2025 
 Works-in-Progress: | 11th April, 2025 
 Student Competition: | 11th April, 2025 
 Late Submissions (Not Included in the Proceedings) 
 Student Competition: | 4th July, 2025 
 Doctoral Consortium: | 4th July, 2025 
 Notifications to Authors 
 Journal Papers (1st Review Cycle): | 7th | 14th March, 2025 
 Conference Papers: | 9th May, 2025 
 Other Tracks: | 16th May, 2025 
 Camera Ready Materials 
 Conference Proceedings: | 30th May, 2025 
 Aims 
 IFIP TC14 aims to encourage research, development and sharing of innovative ideas, models and practices, on computer applications in entertainment. To enhance computation and use studies in this field, the technical program committee invites original submissions. 
 Topics 
 Topics can include but are not limited to: 
 1. Design and Analysis 
 Game Design: Theory, Creation & Testing 
 Interactive Narratives & Digital Storytelling 
 Entertainment Robots, Toys & Smart Gadgets 
 Social Media / Social Computing Entertainment 
 New Genres of Interactive & Digital Entertainment 
 2. Digital Art & Installations 
 Controllers for Musical Expression 
 Music Collaboration Tools 
 Public Interactive Art Installations 
 Interactive Art, Performance and Novel Interactions 
 3. XR Entertainment 
 Virtual/Augmented/Mixed Reality & Games 
 Ubiquitous/Pervasive Entertainment 
 TransMedia Storytelling 
 Metaverse Entertainment 
 4. Serious Games 
 Games for Learning, Health & Well-Being 
 Games For Change & Social Impact Games 
 Exergaming 
 Advergames and Digital Marketing 
 5. Inclusivity of Gaming and Interactive Entertainment 
 Game Accessibility Hardware 
 Guidelines for Inclusive Design 
 Special Needs Considerations 
 Theoretical Foundations and Ethical Issues 
 6. Experiential Aspects in Entertainment 
 Emotions and Affective Interaction 
 Theoretical Basis of Entertainment 
 Social / Cultural Impacts of Digital Entertainment 
 Entertainment for Purpose & Persuasion 
 7. Computational Methodologies for Entertainment 
 Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning for Entertainment 
 Procedural Content Generation 
 Computer Graphics & Visual Effects 
 Big Data in Entertainment 
 Security & Privacy in Entertainment 
 Algorithmic research on board and card games 
 New types of entertainment using information technologies 
 Hardware technology research and development to implement entertainment systems 
 Non-traditional human interface technologies for entertainment 
 Calls for Submissions 
 1. Journal and Conference Tracks 
 Full papers are the main media for presenting high impact, mature research with original new results. Submissions should describe novel unpublished work addressing one or more of the research topics listed. As a new feature this year, authors can submit their papers to either the journal track or the conference track. 
 1.1 Journal Track 
 This year, ICEC offers a journal track submission option. Authors may submit Full Papers to Entertainment Computing or the Full Paper conference track. Journal submissions will undergo a double-blind review and may be accepted, accepted with resubmission to the conference track, or rejected. We recommend submitting only highly developed works to the journal track. 
 The Journal track will publish accepted papers in a special issue of Elsevier’s Journal of Entertainment Computing (ENTCOM). Papers will be presented at the conference and published in the journal later, following ENTCOM’s submission and publication process. Submissions may be conditionally accepted in the journal track, conditionally accepted in the conference track after resubmission, or rejected. The conference track deadline will be after the journal track notification. At least one author must register and present at the conference for inclusion in the special issue. Videos are encouraged and can be included in the paper or as supplementary material. 
 Please read thehref="https://icec2025.entcomp.org/cfp-journal/" - Guideline for the Journal Track page
for more information. 
 1.2 Conference Track 
 Conference papers will be published in a book form in the Springer Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series. Conference track submissions will undergo a double-blind review process and may be accepted either for the conference or the Works in Progress track, or rejected. Authors will be able to have an advantage of a later submission deadline compared with the Journal Track. 
 Accepted papers will be scheduled for long presentations and discussions at the conference. Papers accepted to this track will be published in LNCS, only if at least one author registers and presents their work at the conference. 
 Paper length should reflect the contribution and maturity of the submission and reviewers from the program committee will be instructed to judge the contribution of a paper relative to its length. For example, typical contributions presenting significant research advances/results should not exceed 12 pages in length excluding references. 
 Please read thehref="https://icec2025.entcomp.org/cfp-conference/" - Call for Conference Track page
for more information. 
 2 Works in Progress 
 Work in Progress (WiP) contributions provide an opportunity to present late-breaking work, new experimental projects, research in early phases or with more limited scope than typical full papers. A WiP submission is a shorter submission describing the research problem, contribution, and value to the community, submitted as a PDF file. Accepted papers will be included into the official Springer LNCS proceedings and will be scheduled for presentation and discussion at the conference. 
 WiP submissions should not exceed 8 pages in length, excluding references, in Springer LNCS format. Submissions with exceeding length relative to their contribution can be rejected. The committee may accept submissions conditionally or route them for a different category, when appropriate, and consult with authors to adjust their paper according to the review needs. 
 Please read thehref="https://icec2025.entcomp.org/cfp-wp/" - Call for Work-in-Progress page
for more information. 
 3 Workshops and Tutorials 
 We invite proposals for workshops and tutorials that will be held at IFIP-ICEC 2025. 
 3.1 Workshops 
 We invite proposals in all areas of entertainment computing and serious games research (see conference topics listed above) and particularly welcome proposals that will focus on and promote discussion on new and emerging trends in these areas. Workshop proposals must include the following information: 
 Workshop or tutorial title and short abstract (max. 50 words) 
 Workshop summary, short review of state of the art, motivation and goals 
 Workshop format (an activity plan and its rationale towards the goals) 
 Workshop format for participant enrollment (e.g., position papers, prior expression of interest, or other applicable requirements for planning and organization) 
 Profile of participants (and estimated number of participants) 
 Contact of the organizers (name, affiliation, address, phone#, email) 
 Short but relevant bio information of the organizers 
 Expected workshop outcomes (proceedings, special issue of journals, project proposals, etc.) 
 Proposed workshop due dates (take into consideration conference schedules); workshops can be scheduled for either half a day (4h) or a full day (8h) 
 Workshops are open to all IFIP-ICEC attendees at no additional cost, even if they do not submit any contribution to the workshops. 
 Submissions need to adhere to the stated workshop proposal deadline. Additionally, to be considered for inclusion in the conference proceedings, authors of workshop proposals may also submit a 6-page (maximum, excluding references) paper in the Springer LNCS format, observing the deadline for full paper submission. Regular workshop proposals will not be included in the proceedings. 
 Please read thehref="https://icec2025.entcomp.org/cfp-workshops/" - Call for Workshop Proposals page
for more information. 
 3.2 Tutorials 
 We invite proposals for tutorials that will be held in conjunction with ICEC 2025. We invite proposals in all areas of entertainment computing (see conference topics listed above) and particularly welcome proposals that will focus on and promote discussion on new and emerging trends. Tutorial proposals should be two pages in length and must include the following information: 
 Contact information (name, affiliation, address, phone number and email) of the tutorial organizer(s) 
 Relevant CV information of the tutorial leader(s) 
 Tutorial title 
 Tutorial objective 
 Background/relevance of tutorial topic 
 Intended duration (3h or 6h) 
 Brief summary of the content 
 To be considered for inclusion in the conference proceedings, authors of tutorial proposals may also submit a 6-page (maximum) paper in the Springer LNCS format, observing the deadline for full paper submission. Regular tutorial proposals will not be included in the proceedings. 
 4 Interactive Entertainment Showcase 
 Interactive Entertainment Showcase are interactive demonstrations, installations, and games that show early implementations of novel, interesting, and important entertainment computing concepts, systems, installations, or games, or can serve to showcase results not previously described in the research literature. 
 Both research and industry are encouraged to send in and showcase demonstrators of novel approaches to entertainment. We particularly encourage demonstrations with which attendees can interact and play. 
 An Interactive Entertainment Showcase submission is a shorter submission describing a novel approach to entertainment computing concepts. Submissions will be peer-reviewed and should be composed of a document with 4-5 pages using Springer LNCS format, and structured as follows: 
 Up to four pages for an extended abstract 
 A final page that contains the link to an online video, a list of technical requirements (including electrical and connectivity needs), and physical space requirements (including display and footprint needs) 
 Successful submissions will be included in the conference proceedings. Submissions should follow the underlying extended abstract structure and must be clear, straightforward, and easy to understand. The extended abstract must contain the following sections: abstract and keywords, introduction, methodology, findings, conclusion, and references. Sections can be named differently, and subsections can be included. 
 Please read thehref="https://icec2025.entcomp.org/cfp-ie/" - Call for Interactive Entertainment Showcase Track page
for more information. 
 5 Student Competition 
 All students up to and including PhD candidate level are eligible to send in their game or interactive entertainment installation, as long as the demonstrator is fully experiential, and the demonstrator is part of a research endeavor. This could be a platform to perform research with, a research through design contribution, or a design exemplar of something that advances the state of the art, but the paper detailing the game or interactive entertainment installation should make clear what the development of it may add to our knowledge of games and entertainment. 
 Please read thehref="https://icec2025.entcomp.org/cfp-sc/" - Call for Student Competition page
for more information. 
 General Chair 
 Ryosuke Yamanishi, Kansai University, Japan 
 Program Chairs 
 Pablo Figueroa, Universidad de los Andes, Colombia 
 Maki Sugimoto, Keio University, Japan 
 Angelo Di Iorio, University of Bologna, Italy 
 Steering Committee 
 Jannicke Baalsrud Hauge (KTH, Sweden) 
 Jorge C. S. Cardoso (University of Coimbra, Portugal) 
 Esteban Clua (Federal Fluminense University, Brazil) 
 Rainer Malaka (University of Bremen, Germany) 
 Erik van der Spek (Eindhoven University of Technology, Netherlands) 
 Contact 
 icec2025-pc [at] easychair.org 
 © 2024-2025, IFIP-ICEC 2025. All rights reserved.