Conference ICNP:

Toggle navigationHome 
 href="" - Calls | href="./cfp.html" - Call for papers 
 href="./cfw.html" - Call for workshops 
 Attendance | Conference Venue 
 Committee | Technical program committee 
 Organizing committee 
 IEEE ICNP 2025The 33rd IEEEInternational Conference on Network Protocols 
 Seoul, South Korea, September 22-25, 2025href="https://twitter.com/IEEE_ICNP?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw" - Follow @IEEE_ICNP
href="https://www.facebook.com/ieeeicnp" - 
 
 ICNP 2025, the 33rd annual edition of the IEEE International Conference on Network Protocols, is the premier conference covering all aspects of network protocol research, including design, analysis, specification verification, implementation, and performance. 
 ICNP 2025 will be heldin-person in Seoul, Korea between September 22 through September 25, 2025.Clickhref="http://www.ieee-icnp.org/" - here
to find out more for past ICNPs. 
 News 
 Important Dates 
  
 Title / Abstract registration: | May 9, 2025 (AoE) 
 Full paper submission: | May 16, 2025 (AoE) 
 Rebuttal: | July 7-10, 2025 (AoE) 
 Notification of acceptance: | July 25, 2025 
 Camera ready version: | August 18, 2025 
 Sponsors 
 © 2025 ICNP Organizing Committee 
 Last updated:4/5/2025 

Call for Papers information:
Toggle navigationHome 
 href="" - Calls | href="./cfp.html" - Call for papers 
 href="./cfw.html" - Call for workshops 
 Attendance | Conference Venue 
 Committee | Technical program committee 
 Organizing committee 
 Call for Papers 
 The 33rd IEEEInternational Conference on Network Protocols(ICNP 2025) 
 Seoul, South Korea, September 22-25, 2025href="https://twitter.com/IEEE_ICNP?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw" - Follow @IEEE_ICNP
href="https://www.facebook.com/ieeeicnp" - 
The IEEE International Conference on Network Protocols (ICNP), is the premier conference covering all aspects of network protocol research, including design, analysis, specification, verification, implementation and performance. ICNP 2025, organized by KAIST and Seoul National University, will be held in Seoul, South Korea, on September 22-25 (tentative), 2025 
 Scope 
 The conference is soliciting paper submissions with significant research contributions tonetwork protocolresearch. Both experimental studies and formal investigations are equally welcome. Topics traditionally of interest include, but are not limited to: 
 Applying AI/ML to improve networks 
 Network protocols for improving AI/ML 
 Blockchain, distributed systems, network aspects of reliable systems 
 Data center and cloud networking 
 Host networking 
 Next-generation network architectures 
 IoT networks 
 Measurement, monitoring, and troubleshooting 
 Network management 
 Network virtualization 
 Programmable networks 
 Quantum networking 
 Routing and load balancing 
 Security and privacy, applied cryptography for supporting network functions 
 Software-defined networking 
 Testing and verification 
 Theoretical aspects, analysis, network algorithms 
 Transport and congestion control 
 Wide-area networks 
 Wireless networks, including cellular, satellite, and sensor networks 
 Authors who are unsure whether or not their submissions might fit the scope of the conference are welcome to contact the Program Committee Co-Chairs. 
 General Chairs 
 Dongsu Han(KAIST, South Korea) 
 Song Min Kim(KAIST, South Korea) 
 Kyunghan Lee(Seoul National University, South Korea) 
 Technical Program Chairs 
 Chan Mun Choon(NUS, Singapore) 
 Adrian Perrig(ETH Zürich, Switzerland) 
 Please direct any questions to the program co-chairs. 
 Important Dates 
  
 Title / Abstract registration: | May 9, 2025 (AoE) 
 Full paper submission: | May 16, 2025 (AoE) 
 Rebuttal: | July 7-10, 2025 (AoE) 
 Notification of acceptance: | July 25, 2025 
 Camera ready version: | August 18, 2025 
 Paper Formatting 
 Paper submissions should adhere to the IEEE Conference formatting requirements using the templates availablehere, and should not exceed 10 pages excluding references and well-marked appendices. It is the authors' responsibility to produce readable submissions that comply with the formatting constraints. Violating the formatting requirements to squeeze in additional materials will result in a submission being returned without being reviewed. The authors who have developed software or collected data for the paper are encouraged to release their artefacts and describe them in the submitted paper. To preserve anonymity, the artefacts should only be publicly released upon paper acceptance. 
 Submission and Anonymity Policy 
 Papers submitted to the conference will be reviewed through a double-blind review process, where the identities of the authors are withheld from the reviewers (and that of the reviewers from the authors). Achieving this goal requires some care to, on the one hand, preserve the anonymity of your submission, and on the other hand ensure proper coverage of related past work, including your own. While this requirement may seem challenging, the few basic steps listed below will go a long way toward achieving the desired outcome: 
 Remove all authors' identifiers, e.g., names, emails, and affiliations, from the title page. 
 Remove acknowledgments of and identifiers of funding sources. 
 Use anonymous names for your files, as source file names are often embedded in the final output you generate, and therefore accessible as comments. 
 When referring to your own related work, refer to it in the third person as you would with any other related work by another author. 
 Besides anonymizing your submission, double-blind reviewing also imposes additional requirements on both authors and reviewers. Specifically, while it is permissible for authors to give local talks on their work and release their paper on a non-peer-reviewed location, e.g., an institutional repository or even arXiv, care should be exercised to limit public exposure as much as possible. This requirement includes refraining from advertising the work on mailing lists and public forums, and in general limiting as much as possible the odds that program committee members be exposed to the work and the authors’ identity. Conversely, program committee members will be advised to neither actively seek to “reverse engineer” the authors’ identity, nor to directly share with other program committee members any such information they may have acquired. All questions regarding possible breaches of the anonymity covenant that underlies the double-blind review process will be adjudicated by the Program Committee Co-Chairs. All papers will be provisionally accepted, and the final acceptance of any paper will be subject to shepherding by a member of the Program Committee. 
 Submission and Plagiarism Policy 
 Papers must present original contributions and can neither be previously published nor under review by another conference or journal. Papers containing plagiarized materials will be subject to thehref="https://www.comsoc.org/publications/ieee-communications-society-policy-plagiarism-and-multiple-submissions" - IEEE
            plagiarism policy
and possible penalties and will be rejected without being reviewed. 
 Rebuttal Phase 
 New this year is a rebuttal phase, where authors will have the opportunity to respond to the preliminary reviews. With the ICNP review process being guided by area chairs, the rebuttal will guide the area chair to better evaluate the reviews - thus ensuring a high-quality reviewing process. 
 Best Paper Award and Fast-Track Journal Publication 
 One of the accepted papers will be selected for the Best Paper award and will be fast tracked to the IEEE/ACM Transactions on Networking, with a streamlined journal review process. 
 Presentation and Registration Requirements 
 ICNP 2025 will be held physically in person in Seoul, South Korea. IEEE ICNP requires that at least one of the authors of any accepted paper must register for the conference at the full rate and be available to present the paper at the conference. Any paper that is not presented by an author of the paper will be withdrawn from the proceedings and thus also from IEEE Xplore. Any exceptions to this process because of emergencies and governmental restrictions will have to be explicitly approved by, and coordinated with, the TPC Co-Chairs before the beginning of the conference. 
 Sponsors 
 © 2025 ICNP Organizing Committee 
 Last updated:4/5/2025