Conference full name: International Conference on Industrial and Engineering Applications of Artificial Intelligence and Expert Systems (IEA/AIE)

1. Website of IEA/AIE_2: https://www.i-somet.org/iea-aie2025/
Website information of IEA/AIE_2:

IEA/AIE 2025 
 IEA/AIE 2025 
 Kitakyushu, Japan 
 |July 1-4, 2025 
 MENU - Committees 
 Home 
 href="cfp.html" - Call For Papers 
 Proceedings 
 Journals 
 Keynotes 
 Program 
 href="papers.html" - Accepted Papers 
 Registration 
 Committees 
 Venue 
 PreviousNextAbout IEA/AIE 2025 
 The 38th International Conference on Industrial, Engineering & Other Applications of Applied Intelligent Systems IEA/AIE 2025 continues the tradition of emphasizing on applications of applied intelligent systems to solve real-life problems in all areas including engineering, science, industry, automation & robotics, business & finance, medicine and biomedicine, bioinformatics, cyberspace, and human-machine interactions. The conference will publish a Special issue in Applied Intelligence , after the conference selecting the best papers in terms of quality, reviews, and presentation. The selection will be done after the conference through emails sent to the corresponding authors with detailed instructions. Therefore we advise all authors to do their best in good presentation. IEA/AIE 2025 IS ORGANIZED IN COOPERATION WITH ACM Special Interest Group on Artificial Intelligence (ACM SIGAI) / Catalan Association for Artificial Intelligence (ACIA) / China Computer Federation (CCF) / International Society of Applied Intelligence (ISAI) / Italian Association for Artificial Intelligence (AIxIA) / Iwate Prefectural University, Japan / Japanese Society for Artificial Intelligence (JSAI) / Society for the Study of Artificial Intelligence and the Simulation of Behavior (AISB) / Spanish Society for Artificial Intelligence (AEPIA)/ Taiwanese Association for Consumer Electronics (TACE) / Texas State University, USA / University of Hradec Kralove (UHK) / Universiti Tekonologi Malaysia (UTM). 
 Important Dates 
 Paper SubmissionDecember 15, 2024January 31, 2025 
 Notification to authorsMarch 12, 2025 
 Paper RegistrationApril 25, 2025 
 Camera-Ready papersApril 25, 2025 
 Previous Conferences

2. Website of IEA/AIE_2: https://www.i-somet.org/iea-aie2025/cfp.html
Website information of IEA/AIE_2:

IEA/AIE 2025 
 IEA/AIE 2025 
 Kitakyushu, Japan 
 |July 1-4, 2025 
 MENU - Committees 
 Home 
 href="cfp.html" - Call For Papers 
 Proceedings 
 Journals 
 Keynotes 
 Program 
 href="papers.html" - Accepted Papers 
 Registration 
 Committees 
 Venue 
 PreviousNextImportant Dates 
 Paper SubmissionDecember 15, 2024January 31, 2025 
 Notification to authorsMarch 12, 2025 
 Paper RegistrationApril 25, 2025 
 Camera-Ready papersApril 25, 2025 
 Special Sessions 
 All Special Sessions Follow the Same Dates as the Main Track 
 Intelligent Systems and e-Applications (iSeA)Advanced Applied Intelligence Methodologies and Applications (AAIMA)The38th International Conference on Industrial, Engineering & Other Applications of Applied Intelligent SystemsIEA/AIE 2025 continues the tradition of emphasizing on applications of applied intelligent systems to solve real-life problems in all areas including engineering, science, industry, automation & robotics, business & finance, medicine and biomedicine, bioinformatics, cyberspace, and human-machine. 
 The conference will publish a Special issue in Applied Intelligence, after the conference selecting the best papers in terms of quality, reviews, and presentation. The selection will be done after the conference through emails sent to the corresponding authors with detailed instructions. Therefore we advise all authors to do their best in good presentation. 
 The sequences would be: 
 – submission to the conference; 
 – acceptance at the conference and inclusion in the proceedings; 
 – and only then possible invitation (with further instructions) to the journal special issue by its guest editors later. 
 IEA/AIE 2025 IS ORGANIZED IN COOPERATION WITH 
 ACM Special Interest Group on Artificial Intelligence (ACM SIGAI) / Catalan Association for Artificial Intelligence (ACIA) / China Computer Federation (CCF) / International Society of Applied Intelligence (ISAI) / Italian Association for Artificial Intelligence (AIxIA) / Iwate Prefectural University, Japan / Japanese Society for Artificial Intelligence (JSAI) / Society for the Study of Artificial Intelligence and the Simulation of Behavior (AISB) / Spanish Society for Artificial Intelligence (AEPIA)/ Taiwanese Association for Consumer Electronics (TACE) / Texas State University, USA / University of Hradec Kralove (UHK) / Universiti Tekonologi Malaysia (UTM) / Taiwanese Association for Artificial Intelligence (TAAI) 
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to: 
  
 Adaptive Control 
 Ambient Intelligence 
 Argumentation Systems 
 Artificial Immune Systems 
 Automated Reasoning 
 Autonomous Agents 
 Bayesian Networks 
 Bio-informatics 
 Case-based Reasoning 
 Computer Animation 
 Computer Vision 
 Cognitive Models 
 Constraint Programming 
 Data Mining 
 Decision Support Systems 
 Description Logics 
 Evolutionary Computation 
 Expert Systems 
 Fuzzy Logic 
 Games 
 Information Retrieval 
 Heuristic Search 
 Human Robot Interaction 
 Intelligent Systems 
 Knowledge Representation | Machine Learning 
 Meta-heuristics 
 Model-based Reasoning 
 Multi-Agent Systems 
 Multi-Media Processing 
 Natural Language Processing 
 Neural Networks 
 Non-Monotonic Logics 
 Optimization 
 Planning and Scheduling 
 Preference Reasoning 
 Privacy Preserving Data Mining 
 Robotics 
 Semantic Web 
 Smart Graphics 
 Social Networks 
 Soft Computing 
 Speech Recognition 
 Swarm Intelligence 
 Temporal and Spatial Reasoning 
 Uncertainty 
 User Modeling 
 Ontologies 
 iSeA 
 Intelligent Systems and e-Applications (iSeA) 
 Submissions must be made through the system available at the following link: 
 href="https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/IEAAIE2025/" - IEA/AIE 2025 Special Session iSeA Submission Link
Overview In the industry revolution 4.0, many Intelligent Systems and e-applications have been created to better serve the increasing needs of the people. They bring much benefits for working in industrial and social development. E-applications are electronically/network based applications for the social development of communities such as e-learning, e-commerce, e-governance, e-health and so forth. Those applications use electronic media and information and communication technologies to do their works. They are effective and feasible methods of systems to manage and process via the Internet. They also work on information and data of social networks. E-applications are one of the information technology solutions and become popular method worldwide. They provide highly effective management, reduces the time effort and money of individuals and organizations. Besides, the intelligent systems based on intelligent computing technology are the useful methods to solve problems for e-applications. They include a range of techniques, such as Artificial Intelligence, Pattern Recognition, Evolutionary Computing, Neuroscience & Bioscience, Soft Computing, IoT, Big Data. This special session at IEA/AIE aims to bring together professionals, engineers, academics and industrial people worldwide to discuss and exchange new ideas and the latest achievements in developing Intelligent Systems and e-applications Scope Relevant topics include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Intelligent tutoring system 
 Intelligent Problem Solver 
 Intelligent Agent for management systems 
 Intelligent Information Systems 
 Tools and Technology for Knowledge Management 
 Expert systems 
 Ontological Engineering 
 Document Retrieval Systems 
 Methods for automated evaluation in e-learning 
 Business Intelligence 
 Social network and information diffusion 
 E-Marketing and Consumer Behaviour 
 Intelligent Applications for e-Management 
 E-health applications and software 
 Innovative Models in e-Management 
 Multimedia Processing in applications 
 Computational Modeling, Mobility and Big Data 
 Other future trends and issues in intelligent e-applications 
 Chairs of Session: 
 Nhon V. Do, Hong Bang International University, Vietnam 
 Ali Selamat, Universiti of Teknologi Malaysia (UTM), Malaysia 
 Hien D. Nguyen, New Mexico State University, USA 
 AAIMA 
 Advanced Applied Intelligence Methodologies and Applications (AAIMA) 
 Submissions must be made through the system available at the following link: 
 href="https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/IEAAIE2025/" - IEA/AIE 2025 Special Session AAIMA Submission Link
Overview In order to get high quality papers, we invite you to submit paper to Special Session on Advanced Applied Intelligence Methodologies and Applications (AAIMA) of the 38th International Conference on Industrial, Engineering & Other Applications of Applied Intelligent Systems (IEA/AIE 2025). The goal of this Special Session is to bring together researchers interesting in intelligent systems. Researchers from these areas are encouraged to submit proposals to present their work related to intelligent systems. Submissions will be evaluated on the basis of their innovation relevance, scientific contribution, and presentation. Scope Relevant topics include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Neural nets and support vector machines 
 Intelligent and knowledge based systems 
 Intelligent agent - Inductive learning 
 Intelligent control 
 Fuzzy systems 
  
 Sample and feature selection 
 Evolutionary computation 
 Data mining - Automated reasoning 
 Knowledge-based systems 
 Information retrieval and integration 
 Machine learning 
 Pattern recognition 
 Robotics 
 Speech recognition and synthesis 
 Mobile intelligence 
 Web intelligence 
 AI applications 
 Computer vision 
 Image processing 
 Intelligent e-learning/tutoring 
 Semantic web 
 Other related topics 
 Chairs of Session: 
 Shyi-Ming Chen, Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, Asia University, Taiwan 
 %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%Author Instructions 
 Submissions must be made through the system available at the following link: 
 href="https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/IEAAIE2025/" - IEA/AIE 2025 Submission Link
*Announcement: For those who cannot obtain a visa in time or are unable to attend for any reason, virtual video presentations will be considered and allowed for presenters. 
 Authors are invited to submit their papers in English of up to 12 single spaced pages including references, and presenting the results of original research or innovative practical applications relevant to the conference. Practical experiences with state-of-the-art AI methodologies are also acceptable when they reflect lessons of unique value to the conference attendees. Shorter works, up to 6 pages may be submitted as short papers representing work in progress or suggesting possible research directions. 
 Submitted papers must be formatted using the Springer LNCS/LNAI style and will be done electronically using the submission button above. The use of the LaTeX2e style file available from Springer is required. Papers submitted to IEA/AIE 2025 must not have already been published, or accepted for publication, or be under review for a journal or another conference. Submissions will go through a double blind review process by Program Committee members for originality, significance, technical merit, and clarity of presentation. In this regard, authors should not include any information that would identify them or their affiliations. Such information can however be added to the camera-ready version, if the paper is accepted. 
 The "best student paper award will be given to the best student submissions based on quality and novelty. Free registration fee and possible travel (if traveling is allowed) to the awarded winner will be offered by ACM SIGAI. Besides, there is other category for "best Technical paper" award and "best theory paper award; offered by Springer. The conference proceedings will be published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNCS/LNAI) series. A paper will be accepted either as a long or as a short paper. Long papers will be allocated 12 pages while short papers will be allocated 6 pages in the proceedings. 
 The conference will publish a Special issue in Applied Intelligence , after the conference selecting the best papers in terms of quality, reviews, and presentation. The selection will be done after the conference through emails sent to the corresponding authors with detailed instructions. Therefore we advise all authors to do their best in good presentation. More details will be explained in the conference sessions. 
 Authors of accepted papers will be allocated time for an oral presentation at the conference and will have the opportunity to present their work in a poster session. At least one author of each accepted paper is required to attend the conference to present the work. Authors must agree to this requirement prior to submitting their paper for review. 
 The conference proceedings will be published bySpringer in the Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNCS/LNAI)series. A paper will be accepted either as a long or as a short paper. Long papers will be allocated 12 pages while short papers will be allocated 6 pages in the proceedings.

3. Website of IEA/AIE_2: https://faculty.txst.edu/profile/1921716
Website information of IEA/AIE_2:

Faculty Profiles 
 Faculty Profile for Dr. Moonis Ali 
 Dr. Moonis Ali 
 Professor — Computer Science 
 CMAL 301B 
 phone: (512) 245-8050 
 ma04@txstate.eduScholarly/Creative Work 
 Awards 
 Grants 
 Service 
 Download Faculty CVBiography Section 
 Biography and Education 
 Dr. Moonis Ali received a Ph.D. degree in 1969. His dissertation was on “Speech Recognition using Pattern Recognition Techniques, " an important topic in Artificial Intelligence, an important field in Computer Science. Dr. Ali has fifty-five 
 years of teaching and research experience in Computer Science, and has performed research in Artificial Intelligence for the last fifty-seven years. He has published One Hundred eleven research publications and Thirty-six scholarly books. Dr. Ali is the editor-in-chief of “The International Journal of Applied Intelligence” and the general chairman of the annual “International Conference on Industrial, Engineering, and Other Applications of Applied Intelligent Systems”. Dr. Ali is also the president of the International Society of Applied Intelligence.Teaching Interests 
 Artificial Intelligence 
 Programming Languages 
 Most areas in Computer Sciencehref="" - Research Interests
•Intelligent Database Systems 
 •Intelligent Diagnostic Systems 
 •Neural Network Architectures 
 •Intelligent Planning and Scheduling Systems 
 •Machine Learning 
 •Intelligent Interface 
 •Knowledge Representation 
 •Expert Systems 
 •Natural Language Processing 
 •Robotic Vision 
 •Pattern Recognition 
 •Image Processing 
 Selected Scholarly/Creative Work 
 Ali, M. (1991). [Review ofA Knowledge-Directed Induction Methodology for Intelligent Database Systems, by M. Ke].International Journal of Expert Systems. 
 Ali, M. (Ed.). (2024).Hamido Fujita, Richard Cimler, Andres Hernandez-Matamoros, Moonis Ali (2024). Proceedings of the Thirty Seventh International Conference on Industrial, Engineering and Other Applications of Applied Intelligent Systems, IEA/AIE 2024, Hradec Kralove, Czech Republic, July 10–12, 2024,. 
 Ali, M. (Ed.). (2024). Proceedings of the Thirty Seventh International Conference on Industrial, Engineering and Other Applications of Applied Intelligent Systems, IEA/AIE 2024, Hradec Kralove, Czech Republic,. 
 Fujita, H., Wang, Y., & Ali, M. (2023). Hamido Fujita, Yinglin Wang, Yanghua Xiao, Moonis Ali (2023), Advances and Trends in Artificial Intelligence: Theory and Applications Artificial Intelligence Magazine, 2023. 
 Fujita, H., Wang, Y., Xiao, Y., & Ali, M. (Eds.). (2023).Hamido Fujita, Yinglin Wang, Yanghua Xiao, Moonis Ali, Advances and Trends in Artificial Intelligence Theory and Practices in Artificial Intelligence. Springer Verlag, Part I, 2023(Vol. Part I). Springer Verlag. 
 View allScholarly/Creative WorkSelected Awards 
 Award / Honor Recipient: Presidential Distinction Award for Excellence in Service, Presidents Office. | 2013 
 Award / Honor Recipient: The College Achievement Award for Excellence in Service, College of Science and Engineering. | 2020 
 Award / Honor Recipient: Dr. Ali was Honored to be the Honorary Professor of International Studies. | 2013 
 Award / Honor Recipient: Dr. Ali was given the Distinguished Service Award, International Conference on Industrial Engineering & Other Applications of Applied Intelligent Systems. | June 17, 2013 - June 21, 2013 
 Award / Honor Recipient: Dr. Ali was given the Distinguished Scientist Award, International Conference on Industrial Engineering & Other Applications of Applied Intelligent Systems. | June 9, 2012 
 View allAwardsSelected Grants 
 Ali, Moonis. Enhance Computing Workforce & Provide Higher Education in Computer Science to Working Professionals, Texas Engineering and Technical Consortium (TETC), $247240. (Funded: 2005 - 2008). Grant. 
 Ali, Moonis. Enhance Computing Workforce & Provide Higher Education in Computer Science to Working Professionals, Texas Engineering and Technical Consortium (TETC), Federal, $609502. (Funded: 2002 - 2007). Grant. 
 Ali, Moonis. Multimedia, Ergonomics, Design and Interface Activities (Media) Laboratory, National Science Foundation, $47974. (Funded: June 15, 1994 - May 31, 1996). Grant. 
 Ali, Moonis. Identification & Interpretation of Patterns in Rocket Engine Data, Center for Advanced Space Propulsion and NASA-Marshall Space Flight Center, $225000. (Funded: April 1, 1990 - August 31, 1991). Grant. 
 Ali, Moonis. Space Shuttle Main Engine Fault Diagnostic Expert System, Center for Advanced Space Propulsion, NASA-Marshall Space Flight Center, and Rocketdyne, Federal, $57000. (Funded: November 1, 1989 - October 31, 1990). Grant. 
 View allGrantsSelected Service Activities 
 Editor 
 /Editor in Chief, Applied Intelligence Newsletter 
 2016-Present 
 Editor 
 /Editor in Chief, The International Journal of Applied Intelligence 
 1991-Present 
 Chair 
 Thirty Seventh International Conference on Industrial, Engineering and Other Applications of Applied Intelligent Systems, IEA/AIE 2024, Hradec Kralove, Czech Republic, July 10–12, 2024, 
 January 2024-Present 
 Chair 
 Thirty Sixth International Conference on Industrial, Engineering and Other Applications of Applied Intelligent Systems, IEA/AIE2023, Shanghai, China, July 19–22, 2023. 
 2023-Present 
 Other 
 Free Yoga Classes to Senior Citizens in San Marcos Community 
 2023-Present 
 View allService ActivitiesFaculty Profilesfacultyqualifications@txstate.edu

