Conference IEEE SIS:

IEEE.org|IEEEXploreDigital Library|IEEE Standards|IEEE Spectrum|More Sites 
 Join IEEEHome 
 About | Organizing Committee 
 SSCI Evaluation and Planning Committee 
 Contact Us 
 href="#" - Submissions | href="?ui=call-for-papers" - Call For Papers and Abstracts 
 href="?ui=submission-instructions" - Submission Instructions 
 Presentation Format 
 href="./assets/files/PosterRulesSSCI2025.pdf" - Poster Instructions 
 href="?ui=camera-ready-submission-instructions" - Camera-ready Submission Instructions 
 Symposia | Symposia Overview 
 CI for Energy, Transport and Environmental Sustainability 
 CI in Engineering / Cyber Physical Systems 
 CI in Image, Signal Processing and Synthetic Media 
 CI in Artificial Life and Cooperative Intelligent Systems 
 CI in Security, Defence and Biometrics 
 CI in Health and Medicine 
 CI for Financial Engineering and Economics 
 CI in Natural Language Processing and Social Media 
 Trustworthy, Explainable and Responsible CI 
 Multidisciplinary Computational Intelligence Incubators 
 Program | Program at a Glance 
 Social Program 
 Additional Social Events 
 Plenary and Keynote Sessions 
 Panels 
 Tutorials 
 Competitions 
 Industry Collaboration Workshop 
 Schools Outreach - Quantum CI Workshop 
 Registration 
 Venue and Travel | Venue Information 
 Travel Information 
 Accommodation 
 Things To Do in Trondheim 
 Travel Grants 
 Sponsors | href="?ui=sponsorship" - Call for Sponsors 
 Our Sponsors 
 2025 IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence, Trondheim, Norway. 17th-20th Mar 2025 
 2025 IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence, Trondheim, Norway. 17th-20th Mar 2025 
 2025 IEEE Symposium Series on Computational Intelligence, Trondheim, Norway. 17th-20th Mar 2025 
 PreviousNexthref="?ui=news" - LATEST NEWS & UPDATES
Information about the joint reception for YP/WCI/DEI; click here for more details 
 Industry-Academia Collaboration workshop; click here for more details 
 Tutorials NOW AVAILABLE. Click here for More 
 href="https://ntnu.eventsair.com/ssci2025/registration/Site/Register" - Registration is NOW OPEN; click here for more details 
 Call for Sponsorship now available; click here for more details 
 Plenary Speakers now available; click here for more details 
 href="?ui=news" - Click Here for More Latest News & Updates 
 Welcome to Trondheim, Norway, IEEE SSCI 2025, 17th - 20th March 
 IEEE SSCI is widely recognized for cultivating the interchange of state-of-the-art theories and sophisticated algorithms within the broad realm of Computational Intelligence Applications. The Symposia provide for cross-pollination of research concepts, fostering an environment that facilitates future inter and intra collaborations. 
 The 2025 event marks a significant milestone in the evolution of IEEE SSCI, launching the newly restructured biennial Symposia Series featuring ten dedicated Applied Computational Intelligence Symposia. 
 IEEE SSCI 2025, hosted in Trondheim, Norway - a city seamlessly blending historical richness with innovative progress - brings SSCI to a stunning winter location, for skiers and non skiers alike. Longer days and milder winter weather, together with the chance to see the Northern Lights., provides the perfect timing for a visit to Norway. Trondheim's small downtown area provides easy walking distance from the Venue to attractions, shopping, restaurants from fast food to Michelin star and sport activities. 
 We, the Organising Committee, are thrilled to extend a heartfelt invitation to academia, industry, and government agencies alike, to actively participate in presentations and discussions in Trondheim., that will play a pivotal role in shaping the trajectory of Computational Intelligence. The conference program is set to showcase a vibrant lineup, including plenary and keynote addresses, oral and poster presentations, engaging panels, insightful workshops, instructive tutorials, and stimulating competitions. 
 Your participation is invaluable, and we look forward to welcoming a diverse and dynamic community to contribute to the success of both the relaunch of SSCI and the 2025 event. 
 Sponsors 
 Plenary Speakers 
 Empowering AI with Human Insight: Navigating Challenges and Opportunities in Responsible, Trustworthy, and Participatory AI Development 
 Keeley Crockett 
 Manchester Metropolitan University, UK 
 Date & Time: 20th March 2025, 8:30 - 9:30 
 Physical Intelligence of Small-scale Robots 
 Metin Sitti 
 Koç University in Istanbul, Turkey 
 Date & Time: 18th March 2025, 8:30 - 9:30 
 Human-Centric Multi-Objective Optimization and Decision-Making for Sustainable Mobility 
 Sanaz Mostaghim 
 University of Magdeburg, and Fraunhofer Institute for Transportation and Infrastructure Systems, Dresden, Germany 
 Date & Time: 18th March 2025, 9:30 - 10:30 
 When Evolutionary Computation Meets Large Language Models 
 Kay Chen Tan 
 The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Hong Kong 
 Date & Time: 19th March 2025, 8:00 - 9:00 
 Keynote Speakers 
 A practical example of an industrial campus energy management system - real world challenges and success stories 
 Tobias Rodemann 
 Honda Research Institute Europe 
 Date & Time: 18th March 2025, 12:00 - 13:00 
 Computer Audition: The Age of Emergence 
 Björn W. Schuller 
 Technical University of Munich, Germany 
 Date & Time: 20th March 2025, 11:00 - 12:00 
 The Origin of (Artificial) Life 
 Luca Manzoni 
 University of Trieste, Italy 
 Date & Time: 18th March 2025, 11:00 - 12:00 
 Enhancing Defense Through Intelligent Optimization 
 Alice E. Smith 
 Auburn University, USA 
 Date & Time: 19th March 2025, 14:00 - 15:00 
 Glass-box models for clinical data 
 Paulo Lisboa 
 Liverpool John Moores University, UK 
 Date & Time: 20th March 2025, 10:00 - 11:00 
 From Vision-Guided Manipulation to Precision: Advancing Robotic Surgery with Smart Needle Insertion 
 Maria Koskinopoulou 
 Heriot-Watt University, Edinburgh, UK 
 Date & Time: 19th March 2025, 15:00 - 16:00 
 Language AI for RegTech, SupTech and Beyond 
 Albert Y.S. Lam 
 Fano, Hong Kong 
 Date & Time: 19th March 2025, 16:00 - 17:00 
 Breaking Barriers: Challenges in Scaling Computational Intelligence for Healthcare Systems 
 Maria F. Cabrera-Umpierrez 
 Universidad Politecnica de Madrid, Madrid, Spain 
 Date & Time: 20th March 2025, 12:00 - 13:00 
 Important Links 
 Accessibility 
 IEEE Ethics Reporting 
 Nondiscrimination Policy 
 IEEE Privacy Policy 
 IEEE websites place cookies on your device to give you the best user experience. By using our websites, you agree to the placement of these cookies. To learn more, read ourPrivacy Policy.Accept & Close 

Call for Papers information:
Oops, looks like the page is lost. 
 This is not a fault, just an accident that was not intentional.