Conference full name: IFSA World Congress (IFSA)

1. Website of IFSA_3: https://ifsa-nafips2025.org/
Website information of IFSA_3:



2. Website of IFSA_3: https://sites.ualberta.ca/~reformat/ifsa-nafips-25/index.html
Website information of IFSA_3:

2025 IFSA World Congress 
 NAFIPS Annual Meeting 
 Banff, Alberta, Canada 
 August 16-19, 2025 (NEW DATES!) 
 Site Navigation[Skip] 
 home 
 href="dates.html" - dates 
 href="under_S.html" - submission 
 special sessions 
 program 
 registration 
 committees 
 students 
  
 venue 
 banquet 
 Banff & Alberta 
 Sidebar[Skip] 
  
 Contact 
 Marek Z. Reformat 
 (Marek.Reformat@ualberta.ca) 
 Call for Papers:href="CFP-IFSA-NAFIPS.pdf" - 
NEWS 
 unpdated March 30, 2025 
  
 IMPORTANT DATES: 
 Full Papers (6-12 pages,to appear in the Springer Proceedings): 
 Submission due:April 13, 2025 
 Notification of Acceptance:June 1, 2025 
 Camera Ready:June 15, 2025 
 Extended Abstracts (1-2 pages,to appear only in the Conference Booklet): 
 Papers due:June 15, 2025 
 Notification of Acceptance:June 30, 2025 
 Camera Ready:July 7, 2025 
 Late-Breaking Papers (4-6 pages,to appear in Springer Proceedings): 
 Papers due:June 15, 2025 
 Notification of Acceptance:June 30, 2025 
 Camera Ready:July 7, 2025 

Aims and Scope 
 As a truly unique and international conference in the areas of fuzzy sets and soft computing, 2025 IFSA-NAFIPS Joint Congress will bring together scientists, engineers, students, and practitioners working in fuzzy logic and related areas to present their recent research accomplishments. The Congress offers a unique platform for the exchange of ideas, fostering interaction and building multidisciplinary research linkages. 
 Topics 
 The topics cover all aspects of fuzzy systems and their applications including, but not limited tofuzzy sets and fuzzy logic 
 mathematical foundations of fuzzy sets and fuzzy systems 
 approximate reasoning, fuzzy inference models, and soft computing 
 fuzzy decision analysis, decision making, optimization, and design 
 fuzzy system architectures and hardware 
 fuzzy methods in data analysis, statistics and imprecise probability 
 fuzzy databases and information retrieval 
 fuzzy pattern recognition and image processing 
 fuzzy sets in management science 
 fuzzy control and robotics 
 possibility theory 
 fuzzy sets and logic in ontology, web, and social networks 
 fuzzy preference modelling 
 fuzzy sets in operations research and manufacturing 
 fuzzy database mining and financial forecasting 
 fuzzy neural networks 
 evolutionary and hybrid systems 
 intelligent agents and ambient intelligence 
 learning, adaptive, and evolvable fuzzy systems 
 August 2024 
 [Back To Top]

3. Website of IFSA_3: https://fuzzysystems.org/
Website information of IFSA_3:

Welcome To 
 International Fuzzy Systems Association 
 Bringing fuzzy societies together 
 In Memory of Lotfi A. ZadehNews 
 About Us 
 Conferences 
 Members 
 Fellows 
 By-Laws 
 Contact 
 Home 
 news 
 2025 IFSA World Congress with NAFIPS General Meeting 
 will take place from August 16 to 19, 2025, Banff, Alberta, Canada. 
 Please, visit thehref="http://ifsa-nafips2025.org" - website
, mark your calendar. 
 Duringhref="https://ifsa2023.org" - 2023 IFSA World Congress
all Selection Committees announced the results of their deliberations. Thank you very much to the members of the committees for their time and dedication.Congratulations to all awardees. 
  
 IFSA Fellows 
 Ching-Feng Juang | , National Chung Hsing University, Taiwan 
 Eyke Huellermeier | , Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität München, Germany 
 Huchang Liao | , Sichuan University, China 
 Weldon Lodwick | , University of Colorado Denver, USA 
 Marek Reformat | , University of Alberta, Canada 
 Wei-Yen Wang | , National Chung Hsing University, Taiwan 
  
 Duringhref="http://www.ifsa-eusflat2021.eu" - 2021 IFSA-EUSFLAT Conference
all Selection Committees announced the results of their deliberations. Thank you very much to the members of the committees for their time and dedication.Congratulations to all awardees. 
  
 IFSA Fellows 
 Luis Martínez 
 Eulalia Szmidt 
 Enrique Herrera-Viedma 
 Sławomir Zadrożny 
  
 IFSA AWARD 
 for significant impact on fuzzy logic related research and applicationsKaoru Hirota | and | Etienne Kerre 
  
 IFSA OUTSTANDING APPLICATION AWARD 
 Patricia Melin 
  
 IFSA BEST JOURNAL PAPER AWARD 
 Kai Zhang, Jianming Zhan, and Wei-Zhi Wu. | Novel fuzzy rough set models and corresponding applications to multi-criteria decision-making. | Fuzzy Sets and Systems | 383:92-126 (2020). 
  
 Agreement withIEEE Computational Intelligence Society 
 It is our pleasure to announce the signing of theGeneric Sister Society Agreement Memorandum of UnderstandingbetweenIEEE Computational Intelligence SocietyandIFSA. 
 The goal of the agreement is 
  
 ‘to encourage the exchange and dissemination of technical information, and to promote understanding and cooperation between the IEEE Computational Intelligence Society (CIS)’ and the members of the International Fuzzy Systems Association (IFSA).’ 
  
 It is an important agreement that opens a new chapter of relationships between societies. It will allow us to grow and build a strong future. 
 100th Aniversery of Lotfi Zadeh Birthday 
 On February 4th, 2021, we celebrate centenary of Lotfi Zadeh's birthday. 
 Please, watch a video prepared for that occasion -belowor atIEEE CIS Historywebsite, 
 where there are more testimonial videos to watch. 
 Also, please, visitIEEE Colabratacto leave a statement of your memory of Lotfi Zadeh. 
 Duringhref="https://interval.louisiana.edu/IFSA-NAFIPS/" - 2019 IFSA-NAFIPS Conference
all Selection Committees announced the results of their deliberations. Thank you very much to the members of the committees for their time and dedication.Congratulations to all awardees. 
  
 IFSA Fellows (2019) 
 Ildar Batyrshin 
 Tomasa Calvo 
 Oscar Cordon 
 Zongmin Ma 
 Gabriella Pasi 
 Irina Perfilieva 
 Shun-Feng Su 
  
 IFSA AWARD (2015, 2017, 2019) 
 for significant impact on fuzzy logic related research and applicationsDidier Dubois | and | Henri Prade | (2015) 
 Michio Sugeno | (2017) 
 James Bezdek | and | Hans Zimmermann | (2019) 
  
 L.A. ZADEH PRIZE 
 for your researcher showing active leadership in the field of fuzzy sets and systems, and their applicationsEyke Hüllemeier 
  
 IFSA OUTSTANDING APPLICATION AWARD 
 Makoto Fujiyoshi | (Hitachi Zosen Corporation) 
  
 IFSA BEST JOURNAL PAPER AWARD (2015, 2017, 2019) 
 Laécio C. Barros, Luciana T. Gomes and Pedro A. Tonelli. | Fuzzy differential equations: An approach via fuzzification of the derivative operator. | Fuzzy Sets and Systems | 230:39-52 (2013). 
 Alejandro Ramos-Soto, Alberto Bugarin, Senén Barro. | On the role of linguistic descriptions of data in the building of natural language generation systems. | Fuzzy Sets and Systems | 285: 31-51 (2016). 
 Raquel Yera, and Luis Martínez. | Fuzzy Tools in Recommender Systems: A Survey. | International Journal of Computational Intelligence Systems | 10: 776-803 (2017). 
 Learn More 
  
 100th Anniversary of Lotfi Zadeh's Birthday 

As complexity rises, precise statements lose meaning 
 and meaningful statements lose precision. 
 Lotfi A. Zadeh (1921-2017) | Founder of fuzzy sets and systems. | With sadness we learn that the founder of fuzzy sets theory passed away last September 6, 2017. Lofti Zadeh is gone after devoting his life to the fuzzy community he created from an idea that now iluminates every field of knowledge. A great scientist that attracted to this field to a second generation of wonderful pioners that became his friends. Lotfi Zadeh has been a continuous inspiration for all fuzzy researchers, always trying to help, always offering new ideas to everybody, always putting people to work together. We have learnt from him to love Science, Humanity and Friendship. Now we have to stand together, all fuzzy associations and all their members, to continue developing his vision. The International Fuzzy Systems Association, as a main heritage of Zadeh's innitiative, is fully committed in increasing the impact of fuzzy sets in theory and practice. | Lotfi A. Zadeh was born in 1921, in Baku, Azerbaijan, where his father, from Iran, was working as journalist. When Lotfi was 10 years old his family moved back to Teheran, where in 1942 he obtained the Degree on Electrical Enginering. One year later Lotfi emigrated to the United States of North America, continuing his studies at MIT and Columbia University, where he was hired as professor. In 1959 he moved to the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciecens at the University of California, Berkeley. In 1965 Lotfi Zadeh published the concept of fuzzy set in a seminal paper that has become one of the most cited works of the 20th century. 
 About Us 
 The International Fuzzy Systems Association (IFSA)is a worldwide organization dedicated to the support, development and promotion of the fundamental issues of fuzzy theory related to (a) sets, (b) logics, (c) relations, (d) natural languages, (e) concept formation, (f) linguistic modeling, (g) vagueness, (h) information granularity, etc. and their applications to (1) systems modeling, (2) system analysis, (3) diagnosis, (4) prediction and (5) control in decision support systems in management and administration of human organizations as well as electro-mechanical systems in manufacturing and process industries. IFSA organizes and encourages participation in open discussion session on the future directions and restructuring of fuzzy theory inIFSA World Congresses. The offical journal of IFSA, published by Elsevier, isthe International Journal of Fuzzy Sets and Systems. Furthermore, IFSA sponsors workshops and conferences on fuzzy theory. 
 . 
 . 
 href="council.html" - IFSA Council Members List
href="constitution.html" - IFSA Constitution
(modified Sep 21, 2021)href="guidelines.html" - IFSA Operating Guidelines
href="#lawsEx0" - IFSA By-Laws
href="history.html" - IFSA History
conferences 
 IFSA World Congresses 
 href="http://www.ifsa-eusflat2021.eu" - 2021 IFSA-EUSFLAT Conference 
 href="https://interval.louisiana.edu/IFSA-NAFIPS/" - IFSA-NAFIPS 2019 
 href="http://ifsa-scis2017.j-soft.org" - IFSA-SCIS 2017 
 href="conf-cosponsored.html" - IFSA (co)Sponsored Conferences
Follow the above link to find a list of IFSA coSponsored Conferences. 
 Fuzzy-related Conferences 
 Follow the above link to find a list of conferences about and related to the topic of Fuzzy Sets and Systems. 
  
 Learn MoreIFSA Members 
 Membership 
 Follow the above link to find out how a society can become an IFSA member. 
  
 The following societies are members ofIFSA 
 All 
 Asia & Austraila 
 Africa 
 Americas 
 Europe 
 SOFT 
 (Japan Society for Fuzzy Theory and Intelligent Informatics, Japan) 
 KIIS 
 (Korean Institute of Intelligent Systems, Korea) 
 TFSA 
 (Taiwan Fuzzy Systems Association, Taiwan) 
 EUSFLAT 
 (European Society for Fuzzy Logic and Technology) 
 NSAIS 
 (North European Society of Adaptive and Intelligent Systems, Findland) 
 HFA 
 (Hungarian Fuzzy Association, Hungary) 
 SIGEF 
 (International Association for Fuzzy Set Management and Economy, Spain) 
 RAFSSoftCom 
 (Russian Association for Fuzzy Systems and Soft Computing, Russia) 
 FMSAC 
 (Fuzzy Mathematics and Systems Association of China, China) 
 SC-INA 
 (Indonesian Soft Computing Society, Indonesia) 
 FSAT 
 (Fuzzy Systems Association of Turkey, Turkey) 
 ICSC 
 (Iranian Coalition on Soft Computing (ISSSI and IFSS), Iran) 
 VFSS 
 (Fuzzy Systems Society, Vietnam) 
 NAFIPS 
 (North American Fuzzy Informaiton Processing Society) 
 HAFSA 
 (Hispanic-American Fuzzy System Association, Maxico) 
 SBA 
 (Brazilian Society of Automatics, Brazil) 
 ...to come ... 
 fellows 
 href="fellows.html" - IFSA Fellow Comittee and Procedure
Follow the above link to learn more about IFSA Fellow process. 
  
 Recognized for their contributions to the fuzzy sets and systems community are the followingIFSA Fellows: 
 Rafik Aliev 
 Joint MBA Program, USAKiyoji Asai 
 Prof. Emeritus of Osaka Prefecture University, JapanKrassimir Atanassov 
 Bulgarian Academy of Sciences, BulgariaJames Baldwin 
 University of Bristol, UKJames C. Bezdek 
 University of West Florida, USAZeungnam Bien 
 (deceased)Piero Bonissone 
 General Electric Co., USAGloria Bordogna 
 Italian National Research Council, ItalyPatrick Bosc 
 Universite de Rennes I, FranceBernadette Bouchon-Meunier 
 Universite Pierre et Marie Curie, FranceHumberto Bustince 
 Public University of Navarra, SpainChrister Carlsson 
 Abo Akademi University, FinlandOscar Castillo 
 Tijuana Institute of Technology, Tijuana, MexicoGuoqing Chen 
 Sch. of Econ. & Manage., Tsinghua University, Beijing, ChinaShyi-Ming Chen 
 National Taiwan University of Science and Technology, TaiwanBernard De Baets 
 Ghent University, BelgiumMiguel Delgado 
 University of Granada, SpainAntonio Di Nola 
 Universita degli Studi di Salerno, ItalyDidier Dubois 
 Universite Paul Sabatier, Toulouse, FranceFrancesc Esteva 
 Technical University of Catalonia, SpainDimitar Filev 
 Ford Motor Company, USAJanos Fodor 
 (deceased)Maria Angeles Gil 
 University of Oviedo, SpainLluis Godo 
 Research Artificial Intelligence Research Institute (IIIA), SpainJoseph Goguen 
 (deceased)Fernando Gomide 
 University of Campinas, BrazilSiegfried Gottwald 
 University Leipzig, GermanyMichel Grabisch 
 University Panthon-Sorbonne, ParisMadan Gupta 
 University of Saskatchewan, CanadaPetr Hajek 
 (deceased)Francisco Herrera 
 Full University of Granada, SpainKaoru Hirota 
 Tokyo Institute of Technology, JapanUlrich Hohle 
 University of Wuppertal, GermanyJanus Kacprzyk 
 Systems Research Institute, Polish Academy of Sciences, PolandAbe Kandel 
 University of South Florida, USAJames Keller 
 Curators' University of Missouri, USAEtienne E. Kerre 
 University of Ghent, BelgiumErich Peter Klement 
 University of Linz, AustriaGeorge Klir 
 (deceased)Laszlo Koczy 
 Budapest University of Technology and Economics, HungaryBart Kosko 
 University of Southern California, USADonald Kraft 
 Colorado Technical University, USAVladik Kreinovich 
 University of Texas at El Paso, USARudolf Kruse 
 Otto-von-Guericke-University of Magdeburg, GermanyChin-Teng Lin 
 Chair National Chiao Tung University, TaiwanYingming Liu 
 Sichuan University, ChinaJie Lu 
 University of Technology Sydney, AustraliaLuis Magdalena 
 European Centre for Soft Computing, SpainEbrahim H. Mamdani 
 (deceased)Jerry Mendel 
 University of Southern California, USARadko Mesiar 
 Slovak University of Technology Bratislava, SlovakiaSadaaki Miyamoto 
 University of Tsukuba, JapanMasaharu Mizumoto 
 (deceased)Javier Montero 
 Complutense University of Madrid, SpainMasao Mukaidono 
 Meiji University, JapanToshiaki Murofushi 
 Tokyo Institute of Technology, JapanConstantin V. Negoita 
 The City University of New York, USAHung T. Nguyen 
 New Mexico State University, USAVilem Novak 
 University of Ostrava, Czech RepublicSergei Ovchinnikov 
 San Francisco State University, USANikhil Pal 
 Indian Statistical Institute, IndiaSankar K. Pal 
 Indian Statistical Institute, Calcutta, IndiaWitold Pedrycz 
 University of Alberta, CanadaFred Petry 
 Tulane University, USAHenri Prade 
 Universite Paul Sabatier, Toulouse, FranceDan Ralescu 
 University of Cincinnati, USAImre Rudas 
 Obuda University, HungaryEnrique H. Ruspini 
 Artificial Intelligence Center, SRI International, Menlo Park, USAElie Sanchez 
 (deceased)Michio Sugeno 
 Doshisha University, JapanTomohiro Takagi 
 Meiji University, JapanHideo Tanaka 
 (deceased)Kazuo Tanaka 
 University of Electro-Communications, Tokyo, JapanToshiro Terano 
 (deceased)Settimo Termini 
 University of Palermo, ItalyEnric Trillas 
 Technical University of Madrid, SpainI. Burhan Turksen 
 University of Toronto, CanadaMotohide Umano 
 Osaka Prefecture University, JapanJose Luis Verdegay 
 University of Granada, SpainWen-June Wang 
 National Central University, TaiwanRonald R. Yager 
 Iona College, USAZeshui Xu 
 Sichuan University, ChinaTakeshi Yamakawa 
 Kyushu Institute of Technology, JapanLotfi A. Zadeh 
 (deceased)Hans-Jurgen Zimmermann 
 RWTH Aachen, Germanyby-laws 
 IFSA by-laws have been approved on January 12, 2001. They contain the following sections: 
 1. Duties of Officers 
 2. Voting and Conduct of Business 
 3. Elections 
 4. Establishing and Discharging Institutional Members 
 5. Conference Guidelines 
 6. World Congresses 
 7. Applications for Sponsored Meetings 
 8. Application for the Institutional Membership 
 Full Text 
 Learn MoreLet’s Talk 
 email: 
 president@fuzzySystems.orgHours: 
 Monday - Sunday 
 Please, ask any time.Your message has been sent. Thank you! 
 Send Message 
 © IFSA. All Rights ReservedDesigned byBootstrapMade

4. Website of IFSA_3: https://sites.ualberta.ca/~reformat/ifsa-nafips-25/dates.html
Website information of IFSA_3:

2025 IFSA World Congress 
 NAFIPS Annual Meeting 
 Banff, Alberta, Canada 
 August 16-19, 2025 (NEW DATES!) 
 Site Navigation[Skip] 
 home 
 href="index.html" - dates
href="under_S.html" - submission 
 special sessions 
 program 
 registration 
 committees 
 students 
  
 venue 
 banquet 
 Banff & Alberta 
 Sidebar[Skip] 
  
 Contact 
 Marek Z. Reformat 
 (Marek.Reformat@ualberta.ca) 
 Dates 
 Full Papers (6-12 pages,to appear in the Springer Proceedings): 
 Submission due:April 13, 2025 
 Notification of Acceptance:June 1, 2025 
 Camera Ready:June 15, 2025 
 Extended Abstracts (1-2 pages,to appear only in the Conference Booklet): 
 Papers due:June 15, 2025 
 Notification of Acceptance:June 30, 2025 
 Camera Ready:July 7, 2025 
 Late-Breaking Papers (4-6 pages,to appear in Springer Proceedings): 
 Papers due:June 15, 2025 
 Notification of Acceptance:June 30, 2025 
 Camera Ready:July 7, 2025 

February 2013 
 [Back To Top]

