Conference ISM:

top of page 
 ISM 2025 
 HOME 
 href="https://www.multimediacomputing.org/dates" - DATES 
 href="https://www.multimediacomputing.org/submission" - SUBMISSION 
 href="https://www.multimediacomputing.org/copy-of-workshops" - CALL FOR WORKSHOPS 
 COMMITTEES 
 COMMUNITY 
 VENUE 
 HISTORY 
 CONTACTS 
 More... 
 Use tab to navigate through the menu items. 

27th International Symposium 
 on 
  
 Multimedia 
  
 December 8-10, 2025 
 Roral Continental Hotel 
 Naples, Italy 
 (format: hybrid) 
 http://www.MultimediaComputing.org 
  
 Co-located withRoboticCC2025 andAIxRobotics2025 
 Research in multimedia computing is generally concerned with presentation, integration and computation of one or more media, such as text, image, graphics, audio, video, social data, and data collected from various sensors, etc., using computing techniques. The International Symposium on Multimedia (ISM) is an international forum for researchers to exchange information regarding advances in the state of the art and practice of multimedia computing, as well as to identify the emerging research topics and define the future of multimedia computing. 
 ​ 
 Submissions are solicited for full papers, short papers, position papers, and workshop papers. Topics for submission include but are not limited to: 
 ​ 
 Systems and Architectures 
 Mobile multimedia systems and services 
 Pervasive and interactive media systems including mobile systems, pervasive gaming, and digital TV 
 Multimedia data in the Cloud 
 GPU-based multimedia architectures and systems 
 Software development framework using multimedia techniques 
 ​​ 
 Communications and Streaming 
 Multimedia networking and QoS 
 Mobile audio/video streaming 
 Wireless broadcasting and streaming 
 Scalable streaming 
 Peer-to-peer media systems and streaming 
 Sensor networks 
 Internet telephony technologies and systems 
 Video teleconferencing 
 ​​ 
 Multimedia Interfaces 
 Information visualization and interactive systems 
 Multimodal user interfaces: design, engineering, modality-abstractions, etc. 
 Tools for media authoring, analyzing, editing, browsing, and navigation 
 Intelligent agents for content creation, distribution, and analysis 
 Novel interfaces for multimedia: touch, tangible, wearable, virtual, 3D, etc. 
 User interfaces for mobile devices 
 ​​ 
 Media Coding, Processing, and Quality Measurement 
 Signal processing including audio, video, image processing, and coding 
 Coding standards 
 Scalable and Multi-view coding 
 Multi-resolution or super-resolution algorithms 
 Maintenance of perceptual quality with further compression 
 Developing novel quality measures 
 ​​ 
 Multimedia Security and Forensics 
 Data security including digital watermarks and encryption 
 Copyright issues for multimedia data 
 Surveillance and monitoring methods 
 Face detection and recognition algorithms 
 Human behavior analysis from motion images/videos 
 Multimedia-based computer forensics (e.g., crime scene investigation, user profiling) 
 Multimedia Captchas, including attacks and counter-attacks 
 On forensic use of biometrics 
 Data hiding, stenography, and steganalysis 
 Trust and privacy issues in media systems 
 ​​ 
 Content Understanding, Modeling, Management, and Retrieval 
 Media meta-modeling techniques 
 Storage systems, databases, and retrieval 
 Data segmentation 
 Image, audio, video, genre clustering & classification 
 Video summarization and story generation 
 Speaker identification, recognition, and location 
 Object, event, emotion, text detection and recognition 
 Mosaic, video panorama and background generation 
 Media semantics, ontologies, annotation, concept detection and learning 
 Personalization and user preferences 
 3D and depth information 
 Viewer perception, emotion analysis and visual attention 
 Multimedia datasets and open source code for research 
 Multimedia recommender systems 
 Fake multimedia detection 
 ​​ 
 Mobile Media 
 Mobile and location-based media techniques 
 Mobile visual search 
 Social networks for mobile users 
 Augmented reality for mobile users 
 Content delivery in mobile networks (e.g., 3G, 4G and future 5G) 
 Mobile applications 
 ​​ 
 Applications 
 Big data 
 3D data: graphics, displays, sound, broadcasting, interfaces 
 Media composition and production: capture, authoring, digital art, animations, etc. 
 Gaming 
 Virtual and augmented reality 
 Robotics 
 Media interfaces for the Web 
 Media in social network analysis 
 Rich media enabled E-commerce and E-shopping 
 Media systems for handicapped 
 Collaborative systems 
 Interdisciplinary media applications: Bioinformatics, Transportation systems, Wild-life monitoring and analysis, etc. 
 Deep learning of multimedia data 
 bottom of page 

Call for Papers information:
Manuscript Preparation Instructions 
 Authors are invited to submit an 8-page (regular), 4-page (short), and 2-page (poster and demo) manuscript in double-column IEEE format. Manuscripts must be written in English and follow the instructions in the Manuscript Formatting and Templates page. Document templates are located at this link. 
 ​All paper submissions will be carefully reviewed by at least three experts and reviews will be returned to the author(s) with comments to ensure the high quality of the accepted papers. The authors of accepted papers must guarantee that their paper will be presented at the conference. Please only submit original material where copyright of all parts is owned by the authors declared and which is not currently under review elsewhere. Please see thehref="https://journals.ieeeauthorcenter.ieee.org/become-an-ieee-journal-author/publishing-ethics/guidelines-and-policies/submission-and-peer-review-policies/#:~:text=IEEE%20policy%20requires%20that%20authors,submissions%20when%20submitting%20an%20article." - IEEE policies
for further information. 
 ​ 
 Manuscript Submission Instructions 
 Only electronic submission will be accepted. Technical paper authors MUST submit their manuscripts through EasyChair. Please followhref="https://easychair.org/conferences?conf=ism2025" - this link
.Manuscripts may only be submitted in PDF format. 
 Camera-ready Submission Instructions 
 Your final papers MUST be formatted to IEEE Computer Society Proceedings Manuscript Formatting Guidelines (see the templates listed earlier). It is highly recommended that you proofread and check the layout of your paper BEFORE submitting. Please follow this link (TBA). It may only be submitted in PDF format. 
 ​ 
 Note: 
 Every paper accepted for publication in the Proceedings MUST be presented during the conference. 
 Every paper accepted MUST have attached to it at least one registration at the full member/nonmember rate. Thus, for a paper for which all authors are students, one student author will be required to register at the full registration rate. 
 ​ 
 Failure to do so will result in removal of your paper from the conference proceedings. 
 ​ 
 The page numbers for regular, short, workshop, and position papers are limited to 8, 4, 8 and 2, respectively, including all figures, tables, and references. Regular and workshop papers allow up to 2 extra pages and short papers up to 1 extra page with $150 per extra page. 

Important Dates information:
top of page 
 ISM 2025 
 HOME 
 href="https://www.multimediacomputing.org/dates" - DATES 
 href="https://www.multimediacomputing.org/submission" - SUBMISSION 
 href="https://www.multimediacomputing.org/copy-of-workshops" - CALL FOR WORKSHOPS 
 COMMITTEES 
 COMMUNITY 
 VENUE 
 HISTORY 
 CONTACTS 
 More... 
 Use tab to navigate through the menu items. 
 IMPORTANT DATES 
 Workshop Proposal: August 1, 2025 PT 
 Paper Submission: September 1, 2025 PT 
 Workshop Proposal Acceptance: September 1, 2025, PT 
 Notification of Paper Acceptance: October 1, 2025 PT 
 Workshop Paper Submission: October 15, 2025 PT 
 Camera Ready and Registration: November 1, 2025 PT 
 ​ 
 You are invited to join the ISMcommunityto receive new announcements and notifications from the conference by email. 
 bottom of page