Conference International Symposium on Foundations of Intelligent Systems (ISMIS):

href="/" - ISMIS 2024
href="/call4papers" - C4P 
 Industry Session 
 Committees 
 Program 
 Registration 
 For Participants 
 Menu 
 27th International Symposium 
 17-19 June 2024 
 Poitiers / Futuroscope, France 
 Welcome to ISMIS 2024 
 27th International Symposium on Methodologies for Intelligent Systems 
 17-19 June 2024, Poitiers / Futuroscope, France 🇫🇷 
 ISMIS is an established and prestigious conference for exchanging the latest research results in building intelligent systems. It provides a basis for exchanging research results and transferring scientific achievements towards industrial and socio-economic applications. The scope of ISMIS is to present a wide range of topics related to the application of Artificial Intelligence (AI) techniques related to areas such as decision support, knowledge-based systems, machine learning, robotics planning, computer vision, databases, information retrieval configuration, and diagnosis. The conference also focuses on interdisciplinary research in AI-related fields, for example, decision support systems, human decision-making, recommender systems and personalization, knowledge-based systems development, cognitive aspects of knowledge understanding. 
 Conference Scope 
 This year’s conference theme spans over two main directions: “the concepts and metrics to evaluate the explainability of AI systems” and “the principles of responsible AI". With this focus, ISMIS 2024 aims at contributing to emerging challenges relative to the development of a new generation of fair and ethical AI systems capable of both “understanding” and “be understandable by” humans, adapting to complex real-world environments, appropriately interacting in complex social settings mitigating possible cyber-threats and vulnerabilities, and aligning with Environmental, Social and Governance principles. The increased relevance of areas such as Autonomous Systems, Financial Services and Cybersecurity and sensitive application domains such as Medicine, Manufacturing Education, Earth Observation, Intelligent Maintenance and Military require systems with high accuracy, robustness, accountability, fairness privacy/security, transparency, interpretability, and ethics. 
 ISMIS 2024 is intended to attract academics, researchers and practitioners who are actively engaged both in theoretical and practical aspects of intelligent systems. The goal is to provide a platform for a useful exchange between theoreticians and practitioners, and to foster the cross-fertilization of ideas. Relevant conference topics include but are not limited to: 
 Explainable AI (XAI) 
 Responsible AI 
 Security, Privacy and Ethics in AI 
 Machine Learning (Robustness, Trustworthiness, Biases, Uncertainty etc.) 
 Multi-Instance, Multi-Label and Multi-Task Learning 
 Deep Learning, Neural Networks 
 Causality and Machine Learning 
 Anomaly Detection 
 Data Mining 
 Recommender Systems 
 Constraint-based Systems 
 Autonomous Systems (UAVs, Robots, Agents, etc.) 
 Applications (Configuration, Internet of Things, Smart Cities Healthcare, Music Information Retrieval, Games, Archeology, Earth Observing Systems, Business Process Management, etc.) 
 Intelligent User Interfaces 
 User Modeling 
 Human Computation 
 Socially-aware Systems 
 Intelligent Agent Technology 
 Intelligent Data Processing and Analytics 
 Intelligent Information Retrieval 
 Natural Language Processing 
 Knowledge Integration and Aggregation 
 Knowledge Visualization 
 Knowledge Representation 
 Soft Computing 
 Web & Text Mining 
 Digital Libraries 
 Urban Traffic Control and Mobility 
 Ethics 
 Ethics is one of the most important topics to emerge in machine learning and data mining. We ask you to think about the ethical implications of your submission such as, e.g., related to the collection and processing of personal data, the inference of personal information, or the potential sensitive use of your work. which will be taken into consideration by the reviewers. As part of your submission, you are invited to include, if applicable, an ethical statement that discusses any ethical implications of your work. 
 Dual Submission Policy 
 Papers submitted should report original work. Papers that are identical or substantially similar to papers that have been published or submitted elsewhere may not be submitted to ISMIS, and the organizers will reject such papers without review. Authors are also not allowed to submit their papers elsewhere during the review period. Submitting unpublished technical reports available online (such as on arXiv), or papers presented in workshops without formal proceedings, is allowed. 
 Authorship 
 The author list as submitted with the paper is considered final. No changes to this list may be made after paper submission, either during the reviewing period or, in case of acceptance, at the final camera-ready stage. 
 href="/files/ismis2024_poitiers_poster.pdf" - 
Share the poster and be a friend of ISMIS 2024 
 Contact 
 For any questions regarding ISMIS 2024, please contact the organizing committee: 
 href="mailto:ismis2024@ensma.fr" - ismis2024@ensma.fr 
 href="https://twitter.com/search?q=ismis2024" - #ismis2024 
 LIAS Laboratory,ISAE-ENSMA 
 Téléport 2 , 1 avenue Clément Ader, 86360, Chasseneuil-du-Poitou, France 
 © LIAS Laboratory. All reserved copyright. 
 Design based on:HTML5 UPunder license Create Commons CC By 3.0. 
 Conference Schedule based on:Building a Conference Schedule with CSS Grid. 
 href="/call4papers" - C4P
          Invitation for research paper submissions in ISMIS 2024 scientific conference 
 href="/industrysession" - Industry Session
          Invitation for practical industry solutions submissions in ISMIS 2024 scientific conference 
 href="/committees" - Committes
          Teams overseeing tasks, decisions, expertise in ISMIS 2024 scientific conference 
 href="/program" - Program
          Scheduled activities, sessions, and talks in ISMIS 2024 conference 
 href="/registration" - Registration
          Process to enroll participants in ISMIS 2024 conference 
 href="/forparticipants" - For Participants
          Information, benefits, and resources provided to attendees at ISMIS 2024 conference