Conference ISS:

href="/" - ACM ISS
Home 
 Steering Committee 
 href="#tab-bids" - Call for Bids 
 href="#tab-series" - ISS Conference Series 
 ACM Interactive Surfaces and Spaces (ISS) 
 ACM ISS Announcement for 2025-2026 
 While we will still run the ISS special issue in PACM HCI in 2025, with two rounds due to a lack of bids for hosting the conference, the steering committee has decided to postpone the conference to 2026. Accepted articles will be published in a special issue of PACM, aimed for release in fall 2025. In addition, authors of all accepted submissions will be invited to present their work in person at ACM ISS 2026. 
 Please see ourhref="2025/authors/papers/" - call for papers
for instructions on how to submit to the special issue. 
 We are also currentlysoliciting bidsto host the conference in 2026-2028. 
 Welcome! 
 We welcome you to the ACM International Conference on Interactive Surfaces and Spaces. As an annual conference series starting in 2006, ACM ISS (formerly known as ACM ITS, International Conference on Interactive Tabletops and Surfaces) is the premier venue for research addressing the design, development and use of new and emerging tabletop, digital surface, interactive spaces and multi-surface technologies. Over the years ISS has been a venue for research and applications of interactive surfaces as well as spaces, which has been acknowledged by the incorporation of 'Space' into our conference identity since 2016. 
 Interactive Surfaces and Spaces increasingly pervade our everyday life, appearing in various sizes, shapes, and application contexts, offering a rich variety of ways to interact. 
 The ISS steering committee members are looking forward to your contribution and participation at the ISS. 
 Upcoming Event 
 ISS 2026 - TBA 
 Past Events 
 href="https://iss.acm.org/2024/" - 
href="https://iss.acm.org/2023/" - 
href="https://iss.acm.org/2022/" - 
href="https://iss.acm.org/2021/" - 
href="https://iss.acm.org/2020/" - 
href="https://iss.acm.org/2019/" - 
href="https://iss.acm.org/2018/" - 
href="https://iss.acm.org/2017/" - 
Call for bids: Hosting future ISS Conferences 
 We are soliciting expressions of interest for chairing and hosting the ACM Interactive Surfaces and Spaces (formerly ACM Interactive Tabletops and Surfaces) conference in 2026, 2027, or 2028. 
 ISS is a successful ACM conference series that consistently attracts up to 200 attendees and high-quality paper submissions. It celebrated its 19thedition in Vancouver, BC, Canada, from October 27-30, 2024 (seehref="https://iss.acm.org/2024/" - https://iss.acm.org/2024/
). 
 As a first step before submitting a PDF with your bid, you might want to send us a lightweight expression of interest. If you are interested in hosting ISS we just need you to reply with an e-mail that indicates: 
 Main contact person (at least provisionally), and e-mail. 
 Possible geographical location (no need for detail at the moment—a hotel, city, or region is OK). 
 Which of 2026 or 2027 you are interested in organizing (it's okay to indicate one as a backup). 
 We welcome bids from teams hosting other conferences (i.e., we are open to co-location). 
 After your e-mail we will follow up about further details (e.g., putting together an organizing team), selecting dates, etc. 
 Alternatively, you might also send us the complete bid directly as a PDF document with the content as indicated below. 
 In either case, please get back to us by responding to the ACM ISS steering committee (href="mailto:steering@iss.acm.org" - steering@iss.acm.org
). 
 Bidding Process for ACM ISS 
 A call for bids for ACM ISS is issued by the SC Chair (typically, in November) and sent to all the members of the ACM ISS Program Committee and the wider ACM ISS community. Bids will continue to be accepted until the venues are decided. We will begin reviewing bids on May 9, 2025. As a formal bid, bidders should submit a single PDF document to the SC with the following information: 
 The proposal should address each aspect outlined below (approx. 5-6 pages).A PDF document providing further details on the content of the bid can be foundhref="iss-www-assets/pdf/2022-01-06_CONTENT_DETAILS_for_Bids_to_host_ACM_ISS.pdf" - here
.Based on the merits of the proposals and when the proposals are submitted, the committee will choose the top candidates and then a finalist will be chosen and announced.Location 
 Since ISS is an international forum, we expect that attendees travel from different parts of the world to the conference location. It is important that the proposed location is conveniently located for all attendees to reach by available means of transportation. Learning from experiences during the worldwide pandemic, we appreciate the inclusion of concepts for running hybrid conferences. 
 Time 
 ISS conferences have been held at various times during around early / mid November. Your bid should include a proposed time within that range with key dates (e.g., paper submission and notification). The choice of time should also take into account the weather conditions of the proposed location to avoid potential weather-caused travel delays and potential conflicts with other conferences and their submission deadlines (e.g., CHI, CSCW and most importantly UIST). 
 Venue 
 ISS officially includes four days with the workshops and tutorials on its first day, which need to be hosted in separate rooms (10-20 people) in parallel. To encourage interaction among the attendees, during the main conference, it is also desirable to have additional space at the venue to put up ISS posters for the attendees to visit during coffee breaks. 
 Accommodation & Travel Costs 
 Most attendees will travel by plane and need accommodation during the conference period. One of the responsibilities of the conference hosts/organizers is to locate and reserve a bulk of affordable lodging for attendees. Please describe the proposed accommodation options, including the price range of the hotel rooms and the distance to the main venue and approximate travel costs, at the time of the conference from major centres in Europe, US, Asia/Pacific. 
 Provisionary Budget Plan 
 The proposal should also include a provisional budget plan, outlining the cost of major items, including the rental of conference venue, cost/per person for the reception and banquet, and the estimated conference registration fee. Please consider including meals for participants into the budget. 
 Hosts/Organizers 
 Conference hosts/organizers should have knowledge of the ISS community (e.g., having attended and published regularly at ISS) and have experience with conference organization. One of the main ISS goals is to bring together people from diverse backgrounds. So ensuring the diversity of the organizing committee is highly encouraged and preferred. Please include short bios of the key hosts/organizers and roles of individuals, including the conference chair(s). Note that ISS uses the PACM HCI journal model of publishing, so Track Chairs are selected separately and are involved in the editorial process across multiple years, though we welcome suggestions. 
 The SC will attempt to balance the location of accepted bids to reflect the interests , diversity and geographical location of the community. 
 Mission Statement 
 The ACM Interactive Surfaces and Spaces (ISS) Steering Committee promotes and maintains the ACM ISS conference as the premiere venue for researchers and practitioners interested in the design, development and use of new and emerging tabletop, digital surface, and multi-surface technologies as well as interactive spaces. 
 Contact 
 For any questions or early expressions of interest for hosting a future conference please send an email to the following address: 
 Steering Committee | href="mailto:steering@iss.acm.org" - (steering@iss.acm.org) 
 Structure and People 
 The steering committee (SC) consists of six (6) to eight (8) long-time ISS community members who have strong engagement with the ISS community and have been invited to serve on the committee. Members normally serve on the SC for five (5) years. The SC is lead by a Chair, who is elected by the SC. An outgoing Chair may also advise the Chair to help with knowledge transfer. The SC should represent the diversity of the ISS community. 
 Current Steering Committee Members 
 Chair 
 Mark Hancock 
 University of Waterloo 
 Member 
 Jacob Biehl 
 University of Pittsburgh 
 Member 
 Jessica Cauchard 
 TU Wien 
 Member 
 Barrett Ens 
 University of British Columbia 
 Member 
 Eve Hoggan 
 Aarhus University 
 Member 
 Anne Roudaut 
 University of Bristol 
 Meeting of the ISS steering committee at ACM CHI 2018 in Montreal 
 Former Steering Committee Members (Alumni) 
 Craig Anslow | , Victoria University of Wellington 
 Bongshin Lee | , Yonsei University, Korea 
 Hideki Koike | , Tokyo Institute of Technology 
 Edward Tse | , Ai Parenting 
 Raimund Dachselt | , Technische Universität Dresden 
 Miguel Nacenta | , University of Victoria 
 Johannes Schöning | , University of Bremen 
 Stacey Scott | , University of Guelph 
 Sheelagh Carpendale | , University of Calgary 
 Judy Kay | , University of Sydney 
 Sriram Subramanian | , University of Sussex 
 Andy Wilson | , Microsoft Research 
 Shahram Izadi | , PerceptiveIO Inc. 
 Gerald Morrison | , SMART Technologies UCLC 
 Chia Shen | , Harvard University 
 Bruce Thomas | , University of South Australia 
 Tasks and Duties 
 Steering Committee Responsibilities 
 The ISS Steering committee is responsible for: 
 soliciting bids for people interested in organizing a future ISS conference and continuity of the conference, 
 making the decision on where the ISS conference is held every year, 
 providing advice to and communicating with each year's ISS conference chairs, 
 developing the spirit and general direction of ISS and specifically the financial sustainability, the publication model and diversity of the conference. 
 ensuring the highest quality for the program of the conference, 
 promoting the ISS conference series to academia, industry and the public, 
 participating in the 10-year best paper selection process, 
 interfacing to ACM SIGCHI and other HCI sister conferences. 
 Steering Committee Duties 
 Members of the SC are expected to attend the annual ACM ISS Steering Committee meeting during the annual conference (in person ideally but via video conference in lieu of this). In addition SC members are expected to take part in the three-monthly video conferences. A member of the SC is expected to be actively involved in the conference series which can include, attending the annual conference, submitting papers, organising workshops, running tutorials, contributing to the SC discussion and decision process and attending SC meetings. 
 Membership 
 How to become an ACM ISS SC member? 
 The SC will invite future members, by choosing among the past general and program chairs of the ISS conference and people involved in ACM ISS over several years. The SC is expected to have less than 8 members and more than 6. People will drop of the SC after a maximum period of 5 years. Membership of a SC member terminates when (s)he is frequently inactive. Along with participation, the SC mailing list serves as an archive of members' activities and should be reported on by the chair of the SC at the start of each annual steering committee meeting. 
 Steering Committee Chair 
 From January of 2018 the term as SC Chair lasts two years. The SC chair is chosen among members of the SC, following a vote. 
 SC Decision Process 
 Any SC member can raise an issue by sending an e-mail to the list of all SC members. Every SC member must reply to the mail on the list, describing her/his position within 10 days. If no consensus is apparent, the chair calls for a formal vote (Plurality voting) by email. Every SC member must reply sending her/his vote on the list within a week. A SC member is conflicted with voting for a bid to host a conference, if the SC member is general or program chair of the proposed bid. The member can talk part in the discussion, but it not allowed to vote. 
 Award Process 
 10-year Impact Award Selection Process 
 The program chairs of the current year make the selection of the TOP 3-5 papers of the conference and select the 10-years impact award. One program chair assembles the jury and starts the discussion within the jury. The jury typically consists of: 
 1x PC chair of conference year-1 year 
 2x PC chair of conference year-10 years 
 1x SC member 
 1x ITS "Senior member" of the community 
 ISS Conference Series 
 href="https://iss.acm.org/2023/" - ISS 2023: ACM International Conference on Interactive Surfaces and Spaces
in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA, November 6-8, 2023 
 href="https://iss.acm.org/2022/" - ISS 2022: ACM International Conference on Interactive Surfaces and Spaces
in Wellington, Aotearoa, New Zealand, November 20-23, 2022 
 href="https://iss.acm.org/2021/" - ISS 2021: ACM International Conference on Interactive Surfaces and Spaces
in Łódź, Poland, November 14-17, 2021 
 href="https://iss.acm.org/2020/" - ISS 2020: ACM International Conference on Interactive Surfaces and Spaces
in Lisbon, Portugal, November 8-11, 2020 
 href="https://iss.acm.org/2019/" - ISS 2019: ACM International Conference on Interactive Surfaces and Spaces
in Daejeon, South Korea, November 10-13, 2019 
 href="https://iss.acm.org/2018/" - ISS 2018: ACM International Conference on Interactive Surfaces and Spaces
in Tokyo, Japan, November 25-28, 2018 
 href="https://iss.acm.org/2017/" - ISS 2017: ACM International Conference on Interactive Surfaces and Spaces
in Brighton, UK, October 17-20, 2017 
 href="https://iss2016.acm.org/" - ISS 2016: ACM International Conference on Interactive Surfaces and Spaces
Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada, November 6-9, 2016 
 href="https://iss.acm.org/2015/" - ITS 2015: ACM International Conference on Interactive Tabletops and Surfaces
in Funchal, Madeira, Portugal, November 15-18, 2015 
 ITS 2014: ACM International Conference on Interactive Tabletops and Surfaces 
 in Dresden, Germany, November 16-19, 2014 
 ITS 2013: ACM International Conference on Interactive Tabletops and Surfaces 
 in St. Andrews, Scotland, October 6-9, 2013 
 ITS 2012: ACM International Conference on Interactive Tabletops and Surfaces 
 in Cambridge, MA, USA, November 11-14, 2012 
 ITS 2011: ACM International Conference on Interactive Tabletops and Surfaces 
 in Kobe, Japan, November 13-16, 2011 
 ITS 2010: ACM International Conference on Interactive Tabletops and Surfaces 
 in Saarbrücken, Germany, November 7-10, 2010 
 ITS 2009: ACM International Conference on Interactive Tabletops and Surfaces 
 in Banff, Canada, November 23-25, 2009 
 href="https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/mostRecentIssue.jsp?reload=true&punumber=4655406" - TABLETOP 2008: IEEE Tabletops and Interactive Surfaces Workshop 2008
in Amsterdam, Netherlands, October 1-3, 2008 
 TABLETOP 2007: 2nd IEEE Tabletop Workshop 2007 
 in Newport, Rhode Island, USA, October 10-12, 2007 
 TABLETOP 2006: 1st IEEE Tabletop Workshop 2006 
 in Adelaide, Australia, January 5-7, 2006 
 href="https://iss.acm.org/" - iss.acm.org
⋅ Website created by theInteractive Media Lab Dresdenand maintained by theISS steering committee. 

Call for Papers information:
href="" - ISS 2025
Home 
 href="authors/papers" - Authors | href="authors/papers/" - Papers 
 Call for Contributions 
 Important Dates AoE (Anywhere on Earth) 
  
 First round 2025 | Second round 2025 
 Submission due | Mar 14, 2025 | TBD 
 Notifications to authors | May 9, 2025 | TBD 
 Minor revisions due | May 30, 2025 | TBD 
 Final decisions to authors | Jun 20, 2025 | TBD 
 Camera-ready due | Jul 18, 2025 | TBD 
 The ACM PACM HCI Interactive Surfaces and Spaces (ISS) track welcomes contributions on a wide range of topics relating to interactive surfaces and spaces as well as novel interface technologies, including (but not limited to): 
 Large display interfaces and multi-display environments 
 Gesture-based interfaces (hands, finger, body) 
 Multimodal interfaces 
 Tangible user interfaces 
 Novel interaction techniques and paradigms 
 Interaction with mobile and body-worn devices 
 Different materials and form factors: curved, sand, water, … 
 Interactive 3D spaces (Mixed Reality and Augmented Reality, mid-air displays, …) 
 Large scale and outdoor interactive spaces (projected interfaces, drones, …) 
 Interactive architecture 
 Beyond traditional surfaces: shape-changing and actuated surfaces, body-related 
 Interactive information visualization/data presentation 
 Software engineering methods and frameworks 
 Social aspects and protocols related to interacting with surfaces and spaces 
 Interactive surfaces and spaces that support group work or social interaction 
 Hardware, including sensing and input technologies with novel capabilities, and results from maker communities 
 Human-centered design and methodologies related to interactive surfaces and spaces 
 Empirical evaluations of novel interactive surfaces and/or spaces designs 
 Evaluations of deployed interactive surfaces and/or spaces in specific domains (public spaces, education, science, business, entertainment, health, art, homes, etc.) 
 PUBLICATION MODEL: PACM HCI Journal 
 Full papers are selected using arefereed process, meeting the ACM’s highest requirements for rigorous review by the ISS Editorial Board, its associate editors, and peer experts. Papers accepted in any round of submission will be published in the Proceedings of the ACM on Human-Computer Interaction (PACM HCI),https://dl.acm.org/journal/pacmhci. 
 Accepted papers are invited to present at the ACM ISS 2026 conference in Oct/Nov 2026. Presenting at the conference is strongly recommended but not required. ACM ISS 2026 will likely be ahybrid eventwhere both in-person and remote participation is supported. 
 The conference retains its workshop, poster, and demo tracks, which will have their own publication outlet. The call for workshops, posters, and demos will be included in the second round. 
 Submissions will be done throughhttp://new.precisionconference.com 
 PUBLICATION FEES 
 For all accepted papers, regardless of conference attendance, at least one author must register for the ACM ISS 2026 conference in the corresponding author category and pay a registration fee for the work to be published in PACM HCI.SUBMISSIONS 
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to allACM Publications Policies, including ACM’s newhref="https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/research-involving-human-participants-and-subjects" - Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects
. Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper, in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy. 
 Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain anORCID ID, so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made ahref="https://authors.acm.org/author-resources/orcid-faqs" - commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors
. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts. 
 Submissions to PACM HCI ISS should present original and mature research work. High-quality, elaborated case studies and practice reports with generalizable findings will also be considered. Papers should be written using the template provided by PACM HCI,href="https://dl.acm.org/journal/pacmhci/submission-templates" - https://dl.acm.org/journal/pacmhci/submission-templates
. 
 Submissions should be anonymized. Primarily, this means that submissions must remove all author and institutional information from the title and header area of the first page. Author information should also be removed from submitted supplementary materials, in particular, videos. Submissions that do not do so may be rejected without review. Furthermore, all references must remain intact. If you previously published a paper and your current submission builds on that work, the complete reference with the author’s name must appear in the references. Authors must refer to their previous work in the third person (e.g., “We build on prior work by Smith et al. [X] but generalize their algorithm to new settings.”) and avoid blank references (e.g., “12. REMOVED FOR REVIEWING”). Further suppression of identity in the body of the paper (for example, in an Acknowledgements section), while encouraged, is left to the authors’ discretion. 
 LENGTH 
 No minimum or maximum length is imposed on papers. Rather, reviewers will be instructed to weigh the contribution of a paper relative to its length when making decisions about acceptance and revisions. Shorter, more focused papers will be reviewed with the expectation of a small, focused contribution. Papers whose length is incommensurate with their contribution will be rejected. 
 We recommend a page length in the new format of between 5-15 pages + any additional pages for references. Typical papers are under 8,500 words. 
 FORMATTING AND LANGUAGE 
 ACM authoring templates and detailed instructions on formatting can be found athref="https://dl.acm.org/journal/pacmhci/submission-templates" - https://dl.acm.org/journal/pacmhci/submission-templates
. 
 Authors should submit manuscripts for review in a single column format, which is available for Word and LaTeX. Manuscripts should be converted to PDF before submission. 
 Word users | : if the typefaces are not showing up correctly, be sure you have installed the fonts included in the ACM template download. 
 LaTeX authors | : On Overleaf authors can use the provided ACM templates. Authors can use the settings | \documentclass[manuscript, review, anonymous]{acmart} | to remove author information and add line numbers for the review process. 
 Please use inclusive language throughout your papers. Some commonly-used charged terminology and alternative suggestions can be found at:https://www.acm.org/diversity-inclusion/words-matter. Please avoid using gendered language, ableist language, and racialized terminology. 
 You are asked to provide alt-text descriptions for all figures in your submission. Writing good descriptive text is important, so please look athttp://www.sigaccess.org/welcome-to-sigaccess/resources/describing-figures/for guidance and examples. 
 REVISIONS 
 PACM HCI ISS will be returning submissions to the primary contact author with one of the following decisions, along with the reviews, after the first review cycle of this submission round: 
 Accept | : Submissions that receive this decision are ready or nearly ready for publication, though they may require a few small changes. The final version of the paper must be submitted by the camera-ready deadline of PACM HCI ISS for verification by the corresponding associate editor. 
 Minor revision | : Submissions that receive this decision will require some revisions before being accepted for publication during this submission round. The revised submission must be submitted at the revision deadline to enter this round’s second review cycle, along with a brief response to the reviewers’ comments. The revision will be verified by the corresponding associate editor in collaboration with the external reviewers, and if approved, the submission will be promoted to an accepted paper. 
 Major revision | : Submissions that receive this decision have real potential, but will require major portions rewritten or redone before acceptance is possible. To allow extra time for such new work, e.g., conducting a new evaluation, they cannot enter the second review cycle of the current submission round anymore but need to be resubmitted and re-reviewed in a future PACM HCI ISS submission round. Resubmissions of revised manuscripts with a “major revision” from previous rounds to future rounds will not receive another “major revision” and will be either accepted or rejected. 
 To still be considered for presentation at ISS 2026, the revised submission must be submitted in the PACM HCI ISS second round. To the extent possible, resubmissions to the PACM HCI ISS second round will also be assigned the same associate editors and reviewers for re-review. This will not be the case for submissions in later rounds. 
 Authors should submit their revised manuscript to PCS and clearly indicate the submission ID, title, and previous PACM HCI ISS round of the original submission. They also should include an anonymized letter explaining how they addressed the reviewers’ comments and incorporated changes in the revision. 
 Reject | : Submissions that receive this decision will have been determined to be not acceptable in their current form and also not able to complete the needed revisions for presentation at ISS 2026. Rejected papers are also not able to submit a revision to PACM HCI ISS second round. However, authors are encouraged to resubmit strongly revised versions of their work to a future round of PACM HCI ISS for presentation at ISS 2025. 
 Desk / Quick Reject | : Authors should only submit completed work of publishable quality and within the scope of ISS. The Associate Editors and Papers Chairs may Quick Reject any submission that they believe has little chance of being accepted if it goes through the peer review process. Incomplete or otherwise inappropriate submissions will be desk rejected without review. 
 OPEN AND TRANSPARENT SCIENCE 
 Authors are encouraged to submit supplementary material when possible and when aligned with their methods. Authors are encouraged to submit links to preregistrations on the Open Science Framework (OSF) when appropriate for their work. Authors are also encouraged to use open access repositories and make their data and other material FAIR when appropriate for their work. Authors are encouraged to describe efforts to make their work more reproducible. Reviewers are encouraged to support evolving approaches to supporting open and transparent research practices. Supplementary material is not considered to be peer reviewed. 
 PACM HCI ISS Special Issue Track Chairs for 2025 
 Gun Lee, University of South Australia, Australia 
 Fateme Rajabiyazdi, Carleton University, Canada 
 If you have questions about papers for this special issue, please contact the Track Chairs athref="mailto:papers2025@iss.acm.org" - papers2025@iss.acm.org
Last modified: February 06, 2025 21:51:59. 
 href="https://iss.acm.org/2025" - iss.acm.org/2025
⋅ Website created byInteractive Media Lab Dresdenand maintained by theISS steering committee. 
 loading