Conference IWOCA:

IWOCA 2025 (July 21-24, 2025) 
 Home|href="cfp.html" - Call for Papers
|Invited Speakers|Program Committee|PC Chairs|Local Organization|Steering Committee|Local Attractions|Travel and Lodging|Registration|Code of Conduct|US Visa| 
  
 The 36th International Workshop on Combinatorial Algorithms (IWOCA 2025) will be held during July 21-24, 2025, in Bozeman, MT, USA. Bozeman is 90 miles away from Yellowstone National Park, and late July is probably the best time to visit Yellowstone. 
  
 If you plan to visit Yellowstone, please plan early; and, if you do not plan to rent a car, you might need to contact some local travel agent as soon as possible. Some information can be found on Travel and Lodging. | Abstract Deadline: March 4, 2025 (a.o.e.) 
 Paper Deadline: March 9, 2025 (a.o.e.) 
 Submission Link:href="https://equinocs.springernature.com/service/iwoca2025" - https://equinocs.springernature.com/service/iwoca2025

Contact: Prof. Binhai Zhu 
 Gianforte School of Computing 
 Montana State University 
 Bozeman, MT 59717 
 Email: bhzmontana.edu 
 Office: Barnard 355 | Besides Yellowstone, Bozeman itself has quite some local attractions --- it has the largest airport in the state of Montana. For example, the famous American Computer and Robotics Museum is probably a must-see venue for CS-related people. 
  
 If you like outdoor hiking, etc., Hyliate Lake and its nearby trails could provide exciting trips with different levels of difficulty. For more information, please check Local Attractions. 

Call for Papers information:
IWOCA 2025 
 Call for papers 
 The 36th International Workshop on Combinatorial Algorithms (IWOCA 2025) will be held during July 21-24, 2025, in Bozeman, MT, USA. (Bozeman is 90 miles away from Yellowstone National Park, and late July is probably the best time to visit Yellowstone.)Topics 
 The topics of interest include (but are not limited to) the following:Ad Hoc, Dynamic and Evolving Networks 
 Algorithms and Data Structures 
 Algorithms on Strings & Graphs 
 Algorithms for Big Data and Networks Analytics 
 Algorithmic Game Theory 
 Approximation Algorithms 
 Combinatorial Generation, Enumeration and Counting 
 Combinatorial Optimization 
 Complexity Theory 
 Combinatorics of Words 
 Computational Algebra and Geometry 
 Computational Biology 
 Cryptography and Information Security 
 Distributed and Parallel Algorithms 
 Experimental Evaluation of Algorithms 
 Fine-grained Complexity 
 Foundations of Cloud Computing 
 Graph Algorithms for Social Network Analysis 
 Graph Drawing and Labelling 
 Graph Theory & Combinatorics 
 Mobile Agents 
 New Paradigms of Computation 
 Online Algorithms 
 Parameterized and Exact Algorithms 
 Probabilistic and Randomized Algorithms 
 Scheduling 
 Streaming Algorithms 
 Proceedings 
 Conference proceedings will be published in the LNCS series of Springer, within the ARCoSS subline. 
 Journal Special Issues 
 Authors of selected papers accepted to IWOCA will be invited to submit extended versions of their papers to a Special Issue in Journal of Computer and Systems Sciences, and Acta Informatica.Awards 
 Awards will be given to the best paper and the best student paper. To be eligible for the best student paper award, at least one of the paper authors must be a full-time student at the time of submission, and the student(s) must have made a significant contribution to the paper. 
 The program committee may decline to make these awards or may split them. 
 Submission instructions 
 Authors are invited to submit high-quality manuscripts reporting original unpublished research in the topics related to the symposium. Simultaneous submission to other conferences or workshops with published proceedings is not allowed. It is required that each accepted paper be presented at the conference by one of its authors. 
 Submissions must be in the form of a single pdf file prepared using the LNCS latex templates and style files. Springer’s proceedings LaTeX templates are also available on Overleaf. Springer’s authors’ guidelines may be consultedhere.Springer encourages authors to include their ORCIDs in their papers, and requieres to draw the attention of the contributing conference paper authors to thehref="https://www.springernature.com/gp/authors/book-authors-code-of-conduct" - Code of Conduct.
 
 Each submission should consist of the main part of the paper, not exceeding 12 pages (including the title page and excluding the references), plus an optional clearly marked appendix (to be read at the discretion of the program committee). Any figure pertaining to the main part of the paper should be included therein (within the 12 page limit). For a paper eligible for the best student paper, besides identifying it as "Student Paper" in the submission system, it is recommended that the first page include an indication of whether the paper is eligible for the best student paper award. 
 Submissions not conforming to the above rules as well as papers outside of the scope of the conference will be rejected with­out consideration. 
 Papers are to be submitted electronically through EquinOCS at the following link:href="https://equinocs.springernature.com/service/iwoca2025" - https://equinocs.springernature.com/service/iwoca2025
Invited Speakers 
 Pawel Gawrychowski, University of Wrocław, Poland. 
 Saket Saurabh, Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai, India; and University of Bergen, Norway. 
 Program Chairs 
 Henning Fernau, University of Trier, Germany 
 Binhai Zhu, Montana State University, USA 
 Program Committee 
 Cristina Bazgan, Universite Paris Dauphine, France 
 Sergey Bereg, University of Texas-Dallas, USA 
 Laurent Bulteau, CNRS and Universite Gustave Eiffel, France 
 Gruia Calinescu, Illinois Institute of Technology, USA 
 Zhi-Zhong Chen, Tyoko Denki University, Japan 
 Maria Chudnovsky, Princeton University, USA 
 Riccardo Dondi, University of Bergamo, Italy 
 Piotr Faliszewski, AGH University of Science and Technology, Poland 
 Henning Fernau, Universität Trier, Germany 
 Pamela Fleischmann, Universität Kiel, Germany 
 Pawel Gawrychowski, University of Wrocław, Poland 
 Gregory Gutin, Royal Holloway, University of London, UK 
 Adriana Hansberg, UNAM, Mexico 
 Pavol Hell, Simon Fraser University, Canada 
 Yuya Higashikawa, University of Hyogo, Japan 
 Ling-ju Hung, National Taipei University of Business, Taiwan 
 Haitao Jiang, Shandong University, China 
 Dominik Koeppl, University of Yamanashi, Japan 
 Christian Komusiewicz, Friedrish Schiller Universität Jena, Germany 
 Manuel Lafond, University of Sherbrooke, Canada 
 Guohui Lin, University of Alberta, Canada 
 Adiesha Liyanage, Montana State University, USA 
 Neeldhara Misra, Indian Institute of Technology Gandhinagar, India 
 Brendan Mumey, Montana State University, USA 
 Sang-il Oum, IBS, Korea 
 Arash Rafiey, Indiana State University, USA 
 Hadas Shachnai, Technion, Israel 
 Uéverton Souza, Fluminense Federal University, Brazil 
 Lusheng Wang, City University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong 
 Sean Yaw, Montana State University, USA 
 Boting Yang, University of Regina, Canada 
 Binhai Zhu, Montana State University, USA 
 Sandra Zilles, University of Regina, Canada 
 Important Dates (a.o.e.) 
 Abstract submission: March 04, 2025 
 Paper submission: March 09, 2025 
 Notification: April 22, 2025 
 Camera Ready: April 30, 2025 
 Conference: July 21-24, 2025 
 Organizing Committee 
 Adiesha Liyanage, Montana State University, USA 
 Brendan Mumey, Montana State University, USA 
 Sean Yaw, Montana State University, USA 
 Binhai Zhu, Montana State University, USA 
 Steering Committee 
 Maria Chudnovsky, Princeton University, USA 
 Henning Fernau, Universität Trier, Germany 
 Ralf Klasing, CNRS and University of Bordeaux, France 
 Bill Smyth, McMaster University, Canada 
 Wing-Kin (Ken) Sung, National University of Singapore, Singapore 
 Invited Speakers 
 Envelope 
 bhz@montana.edu 
 © Copyright. All rights reserved. Designed by Binhai Zhu. 

Important Dates information:
IWOCA 2025 (July 21-24, 2025) 
 Home|href="cfp.html" - Call for Papers
|Invited Speakers|Program Committee|PC Chairs|Local Organization|Steering Committee|Local Attractions|Travel and Lodging|Registration|Code of Conduct|US Visa| 
  
 The 36th International Workshop on Combinatorial Algorithms (IWOCA 2025) will be held during July 21-24, 2025, in Bozeman, MT, USA. Bozeman is 90 miles away from Yellowstone National Park, and late July is probably the best time to visit Yellowstone. 
  
 If you plan to visit Yellowstone, please plan early; and, if you do not plan to rent a car, you might need to contact some local travel agent as soon as possible. Some information can be found on Travel and Lodging. | Abstract Deadline: March 4, 2025 (a.o.e.) 
 Paper Deadline: March 9, 2025 (a.o.e.) 
 Submission Link:href="https://equinocs.springernature.com/service/iwoca2025" - https://equinocs.springernature.com/service/iwoca2025

Contact: Prof. Binhai Zhu 
 Gianforte School of Computing 
 Montana State University 
 Bozeman, MT 59717 
 Email: bhzmontana.edu 
 Office: Barnard 355 | Besides Yellowstone, Bozeman itself has quite some local attractions --- it has the largest airport in the state of Montana. For example, the famous American Computer and Robotics Museum is probably a must-see venue for CS-related people. 
  
 If you like outdoor hiking, etc., Hyliate Lake and its nearby trails could provide exciting trips with different levels of difficulty. For more information, please check Local Attractions.