Conference full name: KES International Symposium on Intelligent Decision Technologies (KES IDT)

1. Website of KES IDT_3: http://idt-24.kesinternational.org/
Website information of KES IDT_3:

KES International 
 Journals | KES Journals 
 Int. Journal of Knowledge Based and Intelligent Engineering Systems 
 Intelligent Decision Technologies: An Int. Journal 
 InImpact: The Journal of Innovation Impact 
 Conferences | KES Conferences 
 href="http://sdf-25.kesinternational.org" - Smart Digital Futures (SDF-25)25-27 June 2025 
 href="http://kes2025.kesinternational.org" - KES-202510-12 September 2025 
 href="http://sdm-25.kesinternational.org" - Sustainable Design and Manufacturing (SDM-25)17-19 September 2025 
 href="http://seb-25.kesinternational.org" - Sustainability in Energy and Buildings (SEB-25)17-19 September 2025 
 KES Groups | KES Groups 
 Agent/Multi-Agent Systems 
 Intelligent Decision Technologies 
 Sustainable Design and Manufacturing 
 KES Portal 
 Welcome 
 NEW!Full Conference Programme & Proceedings 
 Conference Scope 
 General & Invited Sessions 
 List of Invited Sessions 
 href="submission.php" - Information for Authors-- Call for Papers-- Submission of Papers
Keynote Speakers 
 href="dates.php" - Dates and Deadlines
International Programme Committee 
 Organisation 
 Registration and Charges 
 - 
 Registration FAQsConference Venue & Destination 
 Travel Information 
 Visa Information 
 Hotel Accommodation 
 Gala Dinner & Excursions 
 Contact 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Privacy Policy 
 href="easychair.php" - Paper Submission & Review System Login

16th International KES Conference 
 Welcome to KES-IDT-24 
 The field of Intelligent Decision Technologies is interdisciplinary in nature, bridging computer science with its development of artificial intelligence, information systems with its development of decision support systems, and engineering with its development of systems. 
 The Intelligent Decisions Technologies is a conference consisting of keynote talks, oral and poster presentations, invited sessions and workshops, on the applications and theory of intelligent decision systems and related areas. It will provide excellent opportunities for the presentation of interesting new research results and discussion about them, leading to knowledge transfer and generation of new ideas. 
 Proceedings 
 The Full Papers conference proceedings will be published bySpringeras book chapters in a volume of theKES Smart Innovation Systems and Technologiesseries, submitted for indexing inScopusand Thomson-ReutersConference Proceedings Citation Index(CPCI) and theWeb of Science. (The Short Papers and Abstracts conference proceedings will be published online and will not appear in the Springer volume). 
 Smart Digital Futures 
 The conference will take place as part of theSmart Digital Futures 2024multi-theme conference which groups AMSTA-24, HCIS-24, IDT-24, InMed-24, SEEL-24 and STS-24 in one venue. 
 KES IDT 2024 
 SMART DIGITAL FUTURES 2024 

Follow @KESintl

2. Website of KES IDT_3: http://www.kesinternational.org/2025conferences.php
Website information of KES IDT_3:

Intelligent 
 Systems | Sustainable 
 Technologies | Innovation and 
 Knowledge Transfer | Digital 
 Media 
 KES International 
 Welcome to KES International 
 All About KES 
 Organisation 
 Awards for Outstanding Contributions 
 Recipients of Awards 
 Conference Services 
 Contact Details 
 Privacy Policy 
 KES Journals 
 KES Journal 
 IDT Journal 
 KES Talks 
 KES Talks 
 KES Springer Book Series 
 Advances in Sustainability Science and Technology 
 Smart Innovation Systems and Technologies 
 Conferences and Events 
 href="http://www.kesinternational.org/2025conferences.php" - 2025 Conferences
2024 Conferences2023 ConferencesArchive Sector Enterprise Training (ASSET)25 - 27 June 2025 | Smart Digital Futures (SDF-25) 
 KES Multi-theme Conference co-locating six of our most popular conferences: (Innovation in Medicine & Healthcare, Intelligent Decision Technologies, Human Centred Intelligent Systems, Agent & Multi-agent Systems, Smart Education & E-Learning and Smart Transportation Systems). 
 SDF-25 will be held at Solin, Croatia as a live conference. 
 Details-http://sdf-25.kesinternational.org 
 19th International Conference on Agents and Multi-Agent Systems: Technology and Applications (AMSTA-25) 
 Details-http://amsta-25.kesinternational.org 
 18th International Conference on Human Centred Intelligent Systems (HCIS-25) 
 Details-http://hcis-25.kesinternational.org 
 17th International Conference on Intelligent Decision Technologies (IDT-25) 
 Details-http://idt-25.kesinternational.org 
 13th International Conference on Innovation in Medicine and Healthcare (InMed-25) 
 Details-http://inmed-25.kesinternational.org 
 12th International Conference on Smart Education and E-Learning (SEEL-25) 
 Details-http://seel-25.kesinternational.org 
 8th International Symposium on Smart Transportation Systems (STS-25) 
 Details-http://sts-25.kesinternational.org 
 10 - 12 September 2025 | 29th International Conference on Knowledge Based and Intelligent information and Engineering Systems (KES2025) 
 href="http://kes2025.kesinternational.org" - 
KES annual conference encompasses a broad spectrum of intelligent systems related subjects, including but not limited to: automation, neural networks, fuzzy techniques and systems, machine learning, computational neuroscience, and many more! 
 KES-25 will be held in the city of Osaka, Japan as a live conference. 
 Details-href="http://kes2025.kesinternational.org" - http://kes2025.kesinternational.org

17 - 19 September 2025 | Smart Sustainable Technologies 
 Smart Sustainable Technologies 2025 is KES's duel themed conference incorporating: Sustainability in Energy and Buildings (SEB-25) & Sustainable Design and Manufacturing (SDM-25). 
 Smart Sustainable Technologies 2025 will take place in Catania, Sicily, Italy as a live conference. 

Sustainability in Energy and Buildings (SEB-25) 
 Details-http://seb-25.kesinternational.org 
 Sustainable Design and Manufacturing (SDM-25) 
 Details-http://sdm-25.kesinternational.org 
 KES International 

Follow @KESintlNews Items 
 Smart Digital Futures (SDF-25) 
 25 - 27 June 2025 
 Solin, Croatia 
 Knowledge-Based and Intelligent Information & Engineering Systems (KES-25) 
 10 - 12 September 2025 
 Osaka, Japan 
 Smart Sustainable Technologies (SST-25) 
 17 - 19 September 2025 
 Catania, Sicily, Italy 
 KES Membership Benefits 
 Membership of KES gives a boost to those working in high tech or innovative areas. See what membership brings you..here..Member Portal 
 Member profiles, featured members event registration & more..here..YouTube Channel 
 See the 
 KES YouTube Channel 
 for the latest media from KES including: KEStalks. 
 KOALA 
 Access a range of freely available articles on the KES Open Access LibraryKOALA. 
 Nexus 
 Consult a register of KES-associated research centres onKES Nexus.

3. Website of KES IDT_3: https://www.iospress.com/catalog/books/intelligent-decision-technologies
Website information of KES IDT_3:

Skip to main contentLoading...SearchFacebookTwitterLinkedInMobile menu expand iconMenuCloseProducts | Catalog 
 Books 
 Journals 
 Services | href="/authors" - Authors 
 Librarians 
 Reviewers 
 Policies 
 About | Company Story 
 Core Values 
 News 
 Contact 
 Breadcrumb 
 Home 
 Catalog 
 Books 
 Intelligent Decision Technologies 
 Intelligent Decision Technologies 
 Proceedings of the 5th KES International Conference on Intelligent Decision Technologies (KES-IDT 2013) 
 Editors 
 Jain, L.C., 
 Howlett, R.J., 
 Phillips-Wren, G.E., 
 Neves-Silva, R., 
 Watada, J. 
 Volume 
 255ofFrontiers in Artificial Intelligence and ApplicationsPublication date 
 June 2013# of pages 
 460 
 Cover 
 Softcover 
 ISBN print 
 978-1-61499-263-9 
 ISBN online 
 978-1-61499-264-6 
 Subjects 
 Computer Sciences,Artificial Intelligence€122.00US$176.00£104.00Excl. VATView ContentOrder Book 
 List additional actions 
 Print Book 
 Ebook 
 Description 
 The field of intelligent decision technologies is interdisciplinary in nature, bridging computer science with its development of artificial intelligence, information systems with its development of decision support systems, and engineering with its development of systems. 
 This book presents the 45 papers accepted for presentation at the 5th KES International Conference on Intelligent Decision Technologies (KES-IDT 2013), held in Sesimbra, Portugal, in June 2013. 
 The conference consists of keynote talks, oral and poster presentations, invited sessions and workshops on the applications and theory of intelligent decision systems and related areas. The conference provides an opportunity for the presentation and discussion of interesting new research results, promoting knowledge transfer and the generation of new ideas. 
 The book will be of interest to all those whose work involves the development and application of intelligent decision systems. 
 Abstracted / Indexed in 
 Related Publications 
 BookDesign Studies and Intelligence Engineering 
 Proceedings of DSIE 2024, Hangzhou, China, 21-22 December 2024 
 Publication date 
 April 2025Editors 
 Jain, L.C., 
 Balas, V.E., 
 Wu, Q., 
 Shi, F. 
 Subjects 
 Computer Sciences,Artificial Intelligence,EngineeringVolume 
 405ofFrontiers in Artificial Intelligence and Applicationsmore detailsBookArtificial Intelligence, Medical Engineering and Education 
 Proceedings of the 8th International Conference (AIMEE 2024), Huangshi, China, 26- 27 October 2024 
 Publication date 
 April 2025Editors 
 Hu, Z.B., 
 Zhang, Q., 
 He, M., 
 Yanovsky, F. 
 Subjects 
 Artificial Intelligence,EngineeringVolume 
 65ofAdvances in Transdisciplinary Engineeringmore detailsBookHandbook on Neurosymbolic AI and Knowledge Graphs 
 Publication date 
 April 2025Editors 
 Hitzler, P., 
 Dalal, A., 
 Mahdavinejad, M.S., 
 Norouzi, S.S. 
 Subjects 
 Artificial Intelligence,Computer SciencesVolume 
 400ofFrontiers in Artificial Intelligence and Applicationsmore detailsSubscribe To Newsletters & Stay Up-To-Date 
 Subscribe!Accelerate Research. Increase Impact. 
 © IOS Press 
 View NewsView CatalogLegal 
 Disclaimer 
 Privacy Policy 
 Menu 
 About 
 News 
 Catalog 
 Products 
 Services 
 Quick Links 
 Sustainability & SDGs 
 Open Library 
 Policies 
 Sitemap 
 FAQs 
 Contact 
 IOS Press 
 Nieuwe Hemweg 6B 
 1013 BG Amsterdam 
 the Netherlands 
 iospress.com 
 Contact UsFacebookTwitterLinkedIn© IOS Press 2025 -Terms of use-Privacy policyPowered by Dropsolid 
 This website uses cookies 
 You can change these settings at any time via the cookie preferences. 
 Info about theprivacy policyof IOS Press. 
 Necessary CookiesOnCookies needed for the website to function normally. 
 necessary_cookiesFunctional cookiesOnCookies that help to improve the functionality of the website. 
 functional_cookiesStatistical cookiesOnCookies that are used to enable analyses of surfing behaviour on the website. 
 statistical_cookiesAdvertisement cookiesOnCookies that make it possible to display more relevant advertisements. 
 advertention_cookiesSave preferencesAccept all cookiesWithdraw consentSave preferences 
 Accept necessary only 
 Accept all cookies 
 Manage cookies

4. Website of KES IDT_3: http://sdf-25.kesinternational.org/
Website information of KES IDT_3:

KES International 
 Journals | KES Journals 
 Int. Journal of Knowledge Based and Intelligent Engineering Systems 
 Intelligent Decision Technologies: An Int. Journal 
 InImpact: The Journal of Innovation Impact 
 Conferences | KES Conferences 
 href="http://sdf-25.kesinternational.org" - Smart Digital Futures (SDF-25)25-27 June 2025 
 href="http://kes2025.kesinternational.org" - KES-202510-12 September 2025 
 href="http://sdm-25.kesinternational.org" - Sustainable Design and Manufacturing (SDM-25)17-19 September 2025 
 href="http://seb-25.kesinternational.org" - Sustainability in Energy and Buildings (SEB-25)17-19 September 2025 
 KES Groups | KES Groups 
 Agent/Multi-Agent Systems 
 Intelligent Decision Technologies 
 Sustainable Design and Manufacturing 
 KES Portal 
 Smart Digital Futures 
 Welcome 
 KES-AMSTA-25 
 KES-HCIS-25 
 KES-IDT-25 
 KES-InMed-25 
 KES-SEEL-25 
 KES-STS-25 

Welcome to Smart Digital Futures 2025 
 Smart Digital Futures 2025 is a multi-conference event co-locating six conferences on leading edge smart systems topics in a beautiful location. 
 One conference fee gives you entry to six high-quality conferences on Innovation in Medicine and Healthcare, Intelligent Decision Technologies, Human Centred Intelligent Systems, Agent and Multi-agent Systems, Smart Education & E-Learning and Smart Transportation Systems and a paper published in one set of proceedings. 
 The conference takes place from the 25th of June to the 27th June 2025 in Solin, Croatia and via the KES Online Conference Centre. 
 The conferences .... 
 Agents and Multi-agent Systems - Technologies and Applications 
 (AMSTA-25) 
 KES-AMSTA-2025 is an established international scientific conference providing a respected forum for presenting the results of scientific research in the technologies and applications of agent and multi-agent systems. 
 More details ..... 
 Human Centred Intelligent Systems 
 (HCIS-25) 
 HCIS-25 is an international scientific conference for research in the fields of human centre intelligent systems. The aim of the conference was to provide an internationally respected forum for scientific research in the technologies and applications of human centre intelligent systems. 
 More details ..... 
 Intelligent Decision Technologies 
 (IDT-25) 
 KES-IDT-25 is an international scientific conference for research in the area of intelligent decision technologies with subjects considering theory and application. This conference is dedicated to techniques that improve decision making using intelligent paradigms and other methods. 
 More details ..... 
 Innovation in Medicine and Healthcare 
 (InMed-25) 
 InMed-25 is a multi-disciplinary group consisting of researchers and engineers, managers, students and practitioners from the medical arena, to discuss the ways that innovation, knowledge exchange and enterprise can be applied to issues relating to medicine, surgery, healthcare and the issues of an ageing population. 
 More details ..... 
 Smart Education and E-Learning 
 (SEEL-25) 
 SEEL-2025 is a major international forum for the presentation of innovative ideas, approaches, technologies, systems, findings and outcomes of research and design and development projects in the emerging area of smart technology and its applications in education and training. 
 The SEEL conference serves as a new and innovative incubator for smart technology, smart systems and smart education/training. 
 More details ..... 
 Smart Transportation Systems 
 (STS-25) 
 STS-25 is a conference on smart and innovative transportation technologies such as connected vehicles, self-driving cars, electric vehicles, Hyperloop, perhaps even flying cars, and emerging technologies that have implications for the transport infrastructure modelling, safety analysis, freeway operations, intersection analysis, and other related leading edge topics. 
 More details ..... 
  
 KES Multi-theme Conference 
 AMSTA, HCIS, IDT, InMed, SEEL & STS 
  
 Solin 
 Croatia 

Follow @KESintl

