Conference MASS:

href="index.html" - IEEE MASS 2025
Home(current) 
 About 
 href="#" - Authors | href="callforpapers.html" - Call for Papers
href="callforposters.html" - Call for Posters and Demos
href="submission.html" - Final Paper Submission 
 Workshops | href="callforworkshopproposals.html" - Call for Workshop Proposals
List of Workshops 
 Committee | Steering CommitteeOrganizing CommitteeProgram Committee 
 Program | Program At A Glancehref="technicalsessions.html" - Technical Sessions
Keynotehref="acceptedpapers.html" - Accepted Papers 
 Registration 
 Venue 
 Patrons 
 The 22nd IEEE International Conference on 
 Mobile Ad-Hoc and Smart Systems 
 (MASS 2025) 
 October 6-8, 2025 
  
 Chicago, USAABOUT IEEE MASS 2025 
 IEEE MASS is a premier annual forum for sharing original, novel ideas in mobile ad-hoc networks and smart systems, defined broadly. As wireless ad-hoc networks continue to evolve and specialize into a number of application scenarios and environments, and sensor-based systems and technologies increasingly permeate our everyday life and become the inner fabric of the Internet of Things and cyber-physical systems, the unfolding of smart environments such as smart cities, smart farming, smart healthcare, and smart manufacturing, to name a few, demand integrated solutions that can make intelligent use of both cloud and edge systems, while applying machine learning and artificial intelligence tools to handle their growing complexity and to leverage the vast amount of available data created. 
 Sponsored by the IEEE Computer Society and IEEE Computer Society's TCDP, the 22nd edition of the IEEE International Conference on Mobile Ad-Hoc and Smart Systems (MASS) will be held in Chicago in October 2025, and it aims at bringing together researchers, developers, and practitioners to address recent advances in mobile ad-hoc and smart systems, covering algorithms, theory, protocols, systems & applications, experimental evaluations and testbeds, security/privacy, as well as AI/ML-based smart design. 
 Accepted papers for IEEE MASS 2025 will be included in IEEE Xplore Digital Library after they are presented at the conference. For each accepted paper to be published in the IEEE MASS 2025 Proceedings and IEEE Xplore, at least one author is required to register and attend the conference. The paper must be presented by an author listed on the paper. Substitute presenters, due to unforeseen circumstances or verifiable excuses, must be authorized in advance by the TPC Chairs. Unauthorized substitute presentations will result in the paper not being added to the IEEE digital archive of the conference proceedings. We also strongly encourage the authors to apply for a visa, if needed, at their earliest convenience. 
 The organizing committee and the program committee will endeavor to ensure the high quality of the conference program and the excellent experience of conference authors and attendees. Thank you for your understanding and support! 
 Updates 
 IEEE MASS 2025 Call for Demo/Poster is posted! - 1/23/2025 
 IEEE MASS 2025 Call for Workshop Proposals is online! - 1/9/2025 
 IEEE MASS 2025 Call for Papers is posted! - 1/6/2025 
 IEEE MASS 2025 website is online! - 9/20/2024 
 IEEE Privacy PolicyImportant Dates (EDT) 
 Conference Submission Dates 
 Paper Submission Due:Tuesday, April 15, 2025 
 Acceptance Notification:Monday, June 30, 2025 
 Camera-ready Version:Thursday, July 31, 2025 
 Conference Dates:October 6-8, 2025 
 Poster and Demos Submission Dates 
 Abstract Submission Due:Friday, July 11, 2025 
 Acceptance Notification:Friday, July 25, 2025 
 Camera-ready Version:Thursday, August 7, 2025 
 Workshop Proposal Submission Dates 
 Proposal Submission Due:Monday, March 10, 2025Sunday, March 23, 2025 
 Workshop Acceptance:Monday, March 17, 2025Monday, March 31, 2025 
 Workshop Paper Submission Due:Monday, June 30, 2025 
 Workshop Paper Acceptance:Friday, July 31, 2025 
 Camera-ready Version:Friday, August 7, 2025 
 Copyright © 2025 The 22nd IEEE International Conference on Mobile Ad Hoc and Smart Systems. 

Call for Papers information:
href="index.html" - IEEE MASS 2025
Home(current) 
 About 
 href="#" - Authors | href="callforpapers.html" - Call for Papers
href="callforposters.html" - Call for Posters and Demos
href="submission.html" - Final Paper Submission 
 Workshops | href="callforworkshopproposals.html" - Call for Workshop Proposals
List of Workshops 
 Committee | Steering CommitteeOrganizing CommitteeProgram Committee 
 Program | Program At A Glancehref="technicalsessions.html" - Technical Sessions
Keynotehref="acceptedpapers.html" - Accepted Papers 
 Registration 
 Venue 
 Patrons 
 Call for Papers 
 Paper submission website is available in EDAS:https://edas.info/N33357 
 We are pleased to invite you to submit original contributions to IEEE MASS 2025. This can include, technical and experimental, theoretical, conceptual contributions. All original, unpublished contributions are solicited in all aspects of mobile ad hoc networks (MANETs) and smart systems, from mobile networking/computing to cyber-physical systems to Internet of Things, from theory to systems and applications. All submissions will be peer-reviewed based on relevance, originality, importance and clarity. 
 Topics of interest include, but are not limited to: 
 5G/6G networks and technologies 
 AI/ML for smart wireless networks 
 AI and machine learning aided protocol design and resource allocation 
 AI and machine learning based applications for ad hoc networks 
 Algorithms for MANETs and WSNs 
 Application Layer Protocols 
 Clustering, topology control, coverage, and connectivity 
 Cognitive networking 
 Cooperative and cognitive communication 
 Cooperative sensing, compressive sensing, sensing from communications 
 Cloud, crowd-sourced, participatory and (mobile) social sensing 
 Cyber-physical systems and applications 
 Data gathering, fusion, and dissemination 
 Energy-efficient architectures, algorithms, and protocols 
 Experiences in real-world applications and deployments 
 Flying Ad-Hoc Networks 
 Free-space optical networks 
 Heterogeneous networks 
 Internet of Things (IoT) devices, gateways, and infrastructure 
 Light-weight distributed machine learning 
 Localization and Location Based Services 
 Measurements, experimental systems and test-beds 
 Mobile computing and networking 
 mmWave and Terahertz networks 
 Mobility modeling and management 
 Multi-channel, multi-radio and MIMO technologies 
 Network components, operating systems, and middleware 
 Opportunistic networking, delay tolerant networking 
 QoS and Resource management 
 Robotic networks 
 Routing protocols 
 Scalability, stability, and robustness of networks and sensor systems 
 Security and privacy at all layers, including the physical layer 
 Sensor enabled drone, UAV, UUV systems 
 Smart grid, healthcare, transportation applications 
 Vehicular networks and protocols 
 Visible light communications 
 Wearable and human-centric devices and networks 
 All submissions will be peer-reviewed on the basis of relevance, originality, importance, and clarity. 
 Submissions Guidelines and Proceedings 
 Authors are invited to submit original, unpublished research papers that are not currently under review elsewhere. All submissions should be written in English with a maximum length of 9 single-spaced, double-column pages using 10pt fonts on 8.5 in x 11 in paper, including all figures, tables, and references, in PDF format. Authors must use the Manuscript Templates for IEEE Conference Proceedings. Reviewing will besingle-blind, i.e., authors can keep their names on their submitted paper. Accepted papers will appear in the conference proceedings published by IEEE and will be presented at the conference. Based on TPC reviews and discussions, some papers may be accepted as 5-page short papers or 2-page posters in addition to the regular 9-page papers. For all papers, IEEE reserves the right to exclude the paper from distribution after the conference (e.g., removal from IEEE Xplore) if the paper is not presented at the conference. Note that the conference will also include a poster and demo session. 
 For each accepted paper to be published in the IEEE MASS 2025 Proceedings and IEEE Xplore, at least one author is required to register and attend the conference. The paper must be presented by an author listed on the paper. Substitute presenters, due to unforeseen circumstances or verifiable excuses, must be authorized in advance by the TPC Chairs. Unauthorized substitute presentations will result in the paper not being added to the IEEE digital archive of the conference proceedings. We also strongly encourage the authors to apply for a visa, if needed, at their earliest convenience. 
 Important Dates (EDT) 
 Paper Submission Due: | Tuesday, April 15, 2025 
 Acceptance Notification: | Monday, June 30, 2025 
 Camera-ready Version: | Thursday, July 31, 2025 
 Conference Dates: | October 6-8, 2025 
 Submission System (EDAS):https://edas.info/N33357Copyright © 2025 The 23nd IEEE International Conference on Mobile Ad Hoc and Smart Systems.