Conference MFCS:

50th International Symposium on 
 Mathematical Foundations of Computer Science 
 August 25 – 29, 2025, Warsaw, Poland 
  
 Homehref="#submission" - Paper Submission NEW
href="#dates" - Important Dates
Invited SpeakersProgram CommitteeConference VenueConference DinnerTravel InformationRestaurantsLocal OrganisersContact | The MFCS conference series on Mathematical Foundations of Computer Science is a high-quality venue for original research in all branches of Theoretical Computer Science. 
 MFCS is among the conferences with the longest history in the field — the first conference in the series was held already in 1972. Traditionally, the conference moved between the Czech Republic, Poland, and Slovakia; while since 2013, the conference has traveled around Europe. 
 In 2025, at its round 50th edition, MFCS will be held as a physical event in Warsaw, Poland. 
 Paper Submission 
 Papers should be submitted electronically through EasyChair: 
 href="https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=mfcs2025" - Enter the submission server 
 Submissions should be be formatted using the LIPIcs style with length not exceeding 15 pages (excluding front page, references, and an optional appendix). The appendix will be consulted at the discretion of the program committee. It is mandatory to use the LIPIcs style for submissions. 
 No prior publication or simultaneous submission to other conferences or journals are allowed (except preprint repositories such as arXiv or workshops without formal published proceedings). 
 Submissions authored or co-authored by members of the program committee are allowed. 
 Submissions shouldnotbe made anonymous, MFCS 2025 will use single-blind reviewing process. 
 As in previous years, MFCS 2025 proceedings will be published in LIPIcs (Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics) under an open access license. 
 Important Dates 
 Submission Deadline: April 18, 2025 (Anywhere on Earth) 
 Rebuttal: June 3–6, 2025 
 Author notification: June 20, 2025 
 Camera-ready version: June 27, 2025 
 Early registration: TBA 
 Conference: August 25–29, 2025 (YRF Workshop on August 24) 
 Topics 
 The program committee encourages submission of original research papers in all areas of theoretical computer science, including (but not limited to) the following: 
 algebraic and co-algebraic methods in computer science 
 algorithms and data structures 
 automata and formal languages 
 bioinformatics 
 combinatorics on words, trees, and other structures 
 computational complexity (structural and model-related) 
 computational geometry 
 computer-aided verification 
 computer assisted reasoning 
 concurrency theory 
 cryptography and security 
 cyber physical systems, databases and knowledge-based systems 
 formal specifications and program development 
 foundations of computing 
 logics in computer science 
 mobile computing 
 models of computation 
 networks 
 parallel and distributed computing 
 quantum computing 
 semantics and verification of programs 
 theoretical issues in artificial intelligence and machine learning 
 types in computer science 
 Invited Speakers 
 Thomas Colcombet (Université Paris Cité) 
 Giuseppe Italiano (LUISS Guido Carli, Rome) 
 Rasmus Kyng (ETH Zurych) 
 Filip Murlak (University of Warsaw) 
 Anca Muscholl (Université de Bordeaux) 
 Program Committee 
 Shaull Almagor (Technion) 
 Nathalie Bertrand (Inria Rennes) 
 Udi Boker (Reichman University) 
 Gerth Brodal (Aarhus University) 
 Michaël Cadilhac (DePaul University) 
 Panagiotis Charalampopoulos (Birkbeck, University of London) 
 Witold Charatonik (University of Wrocław) 
 Dmitry Chistikov (University of Warwick) 
 Anuj Dawar (University of Cambridge) 
 Joel Day (Loughborough University) 
 Moses Ganardi (Max Planck Institute for Software Systems) 
 Leszek Gąsieniec (University of Liverpool) 
 Paweł Gawrychowski (University of Wrocław) - chair 
 Stefan Göller (Universität Kassel) 
 Christoph Haase (University of Oxford) 
 Meike Hatzel (IBS, Daejeon) 
 Jarkko Kari (University of Turku) 
 Edon Kelmendi (Queen Mary, University of London) 
 Marie Kerjean (CNRS, Université Sorbonne Paris Nord) 
 Jakub Kozik (Jagiellonian University) 
 László Kozma (Freie Universität Berlin) 
 Karoliina Lehtinen (CNRS, LIS Marseille) 
 Nutan Limaye (University of Copenhagen) 
 Christof Löding (RWTH Aachen) 
 Filip Mazowiecki (University of Warsaw) - co-chair 
 Pierre Ohlmann (CNRS, LIS Marseille) 
 Jakub Opršal (University of Birmingham) 
 Guillermo Pérez (University of Antwerp) 
 Gabriele Puppis (University of Udine) 
 David Purser (University of Liverpool) 
 Karin Quaas (Universität Leipzig) 
 Chris Schwiegelshohn (Aarhus University) 
 Michał Skrzypczak (University of Warsaw) - co-chair 
 Tatiana Starikovskaya (ENS Paris) 
 Lidia Tendera (University of Opole) 
 Karol Węgrzycki (Max Planck Institute for Informatics) 
 Philip Wellnitz (National Institute of Informatics) 
 Markus Whiteland (Loughborough University) 
 Michał Wrona (Jagiellonian University) 
 Georg Zetzsche (Max Planck Institute for Software Systems) 
 Anna Zych-Pawlewicz (University of Warsaw) 
 Conference Venue 
 The conference will take place at the University of Warsaw Library Dobra 56/66, 00-312 Warsaw (location on Google Maps). 
 The venue is located within walking distance from the following public transport stops: 
 Centrum Nauki Kopernik | (Metro M2) 
 Stare Miasto | (trams 4, 13, 20, 23, 26, buses 160, 190) 
 Karowa | (bus 185) 
 Conference Dinner 
 The conference dinner will take place in The Kubicki Arcades, plac Zamkowy 4, 00-307 Warsaw (location on Google Maps). It is located within a short walking distance from the public transport stopStare Miasto(trams 4, 13, 20, 23, 26; buses 160, 190) and from the conference venue. The optimal entrance for our participants is from Grodzka street:here. 
 Travel Information 
 Reaching Warsaw by Flight 
 Warsaw features two airports. The main international hub is Warsaw Chopin Airport (WAW), located south of city centre within access by public transport (municipal train S2; buses 146, 175, 188, 331). Another airport is Warsaw Modlin Airport (WMI), located outside the municipal area, north-west of the city. It is less conveniently communicated, with connections by taxi, Flixbus (n. 1240), or temporal bus line (denoted ZL). 
 Reaching Warsaw by Train 
 Warsaw Central train station is connected by international trains to Berlin, Vienna, Prague, etc. To reach the conference venue from the central train station use buses (127, 160) or metro M2 line. 
 Restaurants 
 The surroundings of the conference venue offer a huge variety of restaurants. Most of them are rather small places, so it's optimal to organise in groups of 2-6 people. Multiple vegetarian/vegan options are available. Among the options is also a modern food-court inhttps://elektrowniapowisle.com/. 
 Local Organisers 
 Filip Mazowiecki | (chair) 
 Michał Skrzypczak | (co-chair) 
 ... 
 Contact 
 For any questions, please don't hesitate to contact us athref="mailto:mfcs2025@mimuw.edu.pl" - mfcs2025@mimuw.edu.pl
.