Conference PKAW:

Home 
 href="#call-for-paper" - Call For Papers 
 Organization | Organizing CommitteePC members 
 Keynote 
 Program 
 href="#cameraready" - Camera-ready Submission 
 Registration 
 href="#" - Past PKAW | href="https://pkawwebsite.github.io/2023/" - PKAW 2023
href="https://pkawwebsite.github.io/2022/" - PKAW 2022
href="http://www.pkaw.org/pkaw2020/" - PKAW 2021
href="http://pkaw.org/pkaw2019/" - PKAW 2019
href="http://pkaw.org/pkaw2018/" - PKAW 2018
href="http://pkaw.org/pkaw2016/" - PKAW 2016
href="http://pkaw.org/pkaw2014/" - PKAW 2014
href="http://pkaw.org/pkaw2012/" - PKAW 2012 
 PRICAI 2024 
 Loading...Loading...Loading...Loading...Loading...2024 Principle and practice of data and Knowledge Acquisition Workshop 
 Kyoto, Japan 
 18-19 November 2024 
 PreviousNextFor authors whose papers are rejected by PRICAI 2024 or ICONIP 2024, please re-submit your paper to PKAW 2024 through thishref="https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/PKAW2024" - submission link
ASAP. The submission link is open until31 August 2024. 
 Please submit the review report as a supplementary file. If you have significantly revised the manuscript based on the review report, please also include a response letter indicating how you resolved the reviewers' comments in the supplementary file. 
 The proceedings of PKAW 2024 have been released on Springer. You can access fromherefor free until 31 December 2024. 
 Welcome to PKAW 2024 
 Welcome to the 2024 Principle and practice of data and Knowledge Acquisition Workshop (PKAW). In the past, the workshops have been held in Guilin (2006), Hanoi (2008), Daegu (2010), Kuching (2012), Gold Coast (2014), Phuket (2016), Nanjing (2018), Fiji (2019), Yokohama (2020, online), Shanghai (2022, hybrid), and Jakarta (2023, hybrid). PKAW 2024 will be collocated with the 21st Pacific Rim International Conference on Artificial Intelligence (PRICAI 2024) and held in Kyoto, Japan in November 2024. 
 PKAW has provided a forum for researchers and practitioners to discuss the state-of-the-art in the areas of knowledge acquisition and machine intelligence (MI, also Artificial Intelligence, AI). PKAW 2024 will continue the above focus and welcome the contributions to the multi-disciplinary approach of human and big data-driven knowledge acquisition and AI techniques and applications. 
 AI is changing the way in which organizations innovate and communicate their processes, products and services. Also, in our daily life, AI-embedded devices such as smart speakers are about to become widely used, which extends the possibility of acquiring knowledge from users’ behavior observed through the interaction between those devices and their users. Knowledge acquisition and learning from big data are becoming more challenging than ever. Various knowledge can be acquired not only from human experts but also from heterogeneous data. Multidisciplinary research, including knowledge engineering, artificial intelligence and machine learning, human-computer interaction, etc., is required to meet the challenge. We invite authors to submit papers on all aspects of these areas. 
 Furthermore, not only in the engineering field but also in the social science field (e.g., economics social networks, and sociology), recent progress in knowledge acquisition and data engineering techniques is realizing interesting applications. We also invite submissions that present applications tested and deployed in real-life settings and lessons learned during this process. 
 Proceedings of PKAW 2024 will be published by Springer as a volume of Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNAI) series.For more details, please visithref="#call-for-paper" - here
. 
 News 
 (02 October)Thehref="#program" - tentative program for PKAW 2024
has been released. 
 (16 September) The instruction for submittingCamera-ready paperhas been released. 
 (01 August 2024)Program Committee Membershas been released. 
 (07 July 2024) The submission date has been extended to01 August 2024! 
 (05 May 2024) We have confirmed that the proceedings of PKAW 2024 will be published by Springer as a volume of Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNAI) series. 
 (01 April 2024) "href="#call-for-paper" - Call for Papers
has been released. 
 Important Dates 
 Paper Submission Deadline | : | 15 July 2024 | 01 August 2024 (UTC-12) 
 Acceptance Notification | : 15 September 2024 
 Camera-ready Submission | : 22 September 2024 
 Workshop Date | : 18-19 November 2024 
 Click the above image to download the flyer. 
 Supporting Organizations 
 For authors whose papers are rejected by PRICAI 2024 or ICONIP 2024, please re-submit your paper to PKAW 2024 through thishref="https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/PKAW2024" - submission link
ASAP. The submission link is open until31 August 2024. 
 Please submit the review report as a supplementary file. If you have significantly revised the manuscript based on the review report, please also include a response letter indicating how you resolved the reviewers' comments in the supplementary file. 
 CALL FOR PAPERS 
 PKAW (Principle and Practice of Data and Knowledge Acquisition Workshop) was established in 1980s as an integral part of PRICAI (Pacific Rim International Conference on Artificial Intelligence). PKAW 2024 will be held atthe 21st Pacific Rim International Conference on Artificial Intelligence (PRICAI 2024)in Kyoto, Japan. A wide range of topics related to knowledge acquisition and representation are greatly welcome. 
 Important Dates 
 Paper Submission: | 15 July 2024 | 01 August 2024 (UTC-12) 
 Notification: | 15 September 2024 
 Camera-Ready Submission: | 22 September 2024 
 Workshop Date: | 18-19 November 2024 
 All deadlines are at the end of the day specified, anywhere on Earth (UTC-12).Areas of Interest 
 All aspects of AI, machine learning, knowledge acquisition, data engineering and management for intelligent systems including (but not restricted to):Knowledge Acquisition 
 Fundamental views on knowledge that affect the knowledge acquisition process and the use of knowledge in knowledge engineering 
 Algorithmic approaches to knowledge acquisition 
 Tools and techniques for knowledge acquisition, knowledge maintenance and knowledge validation 
 Evaluation of knowledge acquisition techniques, tools and methods. 
 Ontology and its role in knowledge acquisition 
 Knowledge acquisition applications tested and deployed in real-life settings 
 Knowledge Representation and Discovering 
 Knowledge representation learning 
 Temporal knowledge graph 
 Data linkage 
 Data analytics and mining 
 Big data acquisition and analysis 
 Machine learning/deep learning 
 Semantic Web, the Linked Data and the Web of Data 
 Responsible Data/Knowledge Management and System 
 Transparency, explainability, trust, and accountability 
 Privacy and security 
 Other ethical concerns 
 Knowledge-aware Application 
 Question answering 
 Recommendation system 
 Domain-related application 
 Human-centric Knowledge Engineering 
 Human-machine collaboration, integration, interaction, delegation, dialog 
 Hybrid approaches combining knowledge engineering and machine learning 
 Other Topics 
 Experience and Lesson learned 
 Reproducibility and negative results of knowledge engineering 
 Innovative user interfaces 
 Crowd-sourcing for data generation and problem solving 
 Paper Submission 
 PKAW will not accept any paper that, at the time of submission, is under review for, has already been published in, or has already been accepted for publication in, a journal or another venue with formally published proceedings. If part of the work has been previously published, authors are strongly encouraged to cite and compare/contrast the new contributions with the parts that were already published before. The paper must substantially extend the previously published work. 
 PKAW 2024 will adoptsingle-blindrule for the reviewing process, i.e., the authors do not know the names of the reviewers, but the reviewers can infer the names of the authors from the submission. 
 Proceedings of PKAW 2024 will be published by Springer as a volume of Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNAI) series.All papers for the review should be submitted electronically using the conference management tool in PDF format and formatted using the Springer LNAI template. The main content of the paper should not exceed 12 pages long (excluding references). For accepted papers, the latex source files and a camera-ready version are required to be submitted using the Springer LNAI template. For Springer LNAI format templates, please visit the Springer’s website below. 
 Springer’s Lecture Notes in Artificial Intelligence (LNAI) Templatehref="https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/PKAW2024" - PKAW 2024 Paper Submission Site
Contact 
 For any questions, please contact Dr. Shiqing Wu (shiqing.wu@uts.edu.au) and Dr. Xing Su (xingsu@bjut.edu.cn). 
 ORGANIZING COMMITTEE 
 Workshop Chairs 
  
 Shiqing Wu 
 University of Technology Sydney, Australia 
  
 Weihua Li 
 Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand 
  
 Xing Su 
 Beijing University of Technology, China 
 Program Chairs 
  
 Xiaolong Xu 
 Nanjing University of Information Science and Technology, China 
  
 Byeong Kang 
 University of Tasmania, Australia 
 Publicity Chairs 
  
 Md Rafiqul Islam 
 Australian Institute of Higher Education, Australia 
  
 Jiaxing Shen 
 Lingnan University, China 
  
 Yu Yang 
 The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, China 
 Honorary Chairs 
  
 Paul Compton 
 University of New South Wales, Australia 
  
 Hiroshi Motoda 
 Osaka University, Japan 
 Advisory Committee 
  
 Quan Bai 
 University of Tasmania, Australia 
  
 Qing Liu 
 Data61, CSIRO, Australia 
  
 Kenichi Yoshida 
 University of Tsukuba, Japan 
  
 Maria R Lee 
 Shih Chien University, China 
  
 Deborah Richards 
 Macquarie University, Australia 
 PC MEMBERS 
 Yakun Chen 
 University of Technology Sydney, Australia 
 Wen Gu 
 Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology, Japan 
 Yuxuan Hu 
 University of Tasmania, Australia 
 Md Rafiqul Islam 
 Australian Institute of Higher Education, Australia 
 Jianhua Jiang 
 Jilin University of Finance and Economics, China 
 Toshihiro Kamishima 
 Independent Researcher, Japan 
 Matthew Kuo 
 Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand 
 Weihua Li 
 Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand 
 Jing Ma 
 Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand 
 Lei Niu 
 Central China Normal University, China 
 Kouzou Ohara 
 Aoyama Gakuin University, Japan 
 Tomonobu Ozaki 
 Nihon University, Japan 
 Fenghui Ren 
 University of Wollongong, Australia 
 Kaize Shi 
 University of Technology Sydney, Australia 
 Jiaxing Shen 
 Lingnan University, China 
 Takahira Yamaguchi 
 Keio University, Japan 
 Wenli Yang 
 University of Tasmania, Australia 
 Yi Yang 
 Hefei University of Technology, China 
 Yu Yang 
 The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, China 
 Dayong Ye 
 University of Wollongong, Australia 
 Tetsuya Yoshida 
 Nara Women's University, Japan 
 PROGRAM 
 The details of the conference venue can be foundhere. 
 Presentation length: 15 minutes for Long papers and 10 minutes for Short papers. The time includes Q&A. 
  
 Principle and practice of data and Knowledge Acquisition Workshop (PKAW 2024) 
 18 November 2024 
 Venue: Clock Tower Centennial Hall, Kyoto University, Kyoto, Japan 
 Room: Centennial Hall 
 Time | Session 
 9:30-9:40 | Opening address 
 9:40-10:30 | Keynote:Measuring urban bilateral job-housing balance based on big data: A case study of multiple cities in China 
 Speaker:Zhou He 
  
 Session Chair:Weihua Li 
 10:30-11:05 | Session 1: Computer Vision 
 Session Chair: Niken Prasasti Martono 
  
 EBcGAN: An Edge-Based Conditional Generative Adversarial Network for Image Fusion (Long) 
 Mengshu Li, Zheyuan Yang, Yuai Hua, and Jinyong Cheng 
  
 Category-Aware Keypoint Masking to Address Biases in Semi-Supervised 2D Pose Estimation 
 Xiangrui Liu, Shushi hong, Yucheng Fang, and Ruirui Li 
  
 Precision 3D Motion Capture Using Pose Estimation Techniques: Application in Sports Video Analysis 
 Shuzo Kitano, Akimasa Ebihara, Tomohide Sawada, Niken Prasasti Martono, and Hayato Ohwada 
 11:05-11:30 | Break (Morning Tea) 
 11:30-13:05 | Session 2: Natural Language Processing 
 Session Chair: Weihua Li 
  
 Natural Language Integration for Multimodal Few-Shot Class-Incremental Learning: Image Classification Problem (Long) 
 Pitchayagan Temniranrat, Natsuda Kaothanthong, and Sanparith Marukatat 
  
 Aspect-Adaptive Knowledge-based Opinion Summarization (Long) 
 Guan Wang, Weihua Li, Edmund M-K Lai, and Quan Bai 
  
 Multi-Target Contrastive Objective for Learning Property-Aware Vision-Language Representation (Long) 
 Dieu-Hien Nguyen, Nguyen-Khang Le, and Le Minh Nguyen 
  
 Low Cost Active Learning Framework for Short Answer Scoring (Long) 
 Tatsuya Hori and Koichiro Yamauchi 
  
 Intent-Spectrum BotTracker: Tackling LLM-based Social Media Bots through an Enhanced BotRGCN Model with Intention and Entropy Measurement (Long) 
 Jinglong Duan, Ziyu Li, Xiaodan Wang, Weihua Li, Quan Bai, and Minh Nguyen 
  
 Distributed Dataset Framework for Large Language Models Pre-training 
 Nao Souma, Yui Obara, Yasuhiko Yokote, Yutaka Ishikawa, and Kimio Kuramitsu 
  
 Virtual Learning Machine for Tiny Devices 
 Nozomi Kitagawa and Koichiro Yamauchi 
 13:05-14:30 | Break (Lunch) 
 14:30-16:00 | Session 3: Data Mining and Prediction 
 Session Chair: TBA 
  
 Mining Prevalent Co-location Patterns with Multiple Minimum Prevalence Thresholds (Long) 
 Vanha Tran, Thiloan Bui, Thaigiang Do, and Hoangan Le 
  
 Improving User Satisfaction through Approaches that Balance Recommendation Accuracy and Serendipity Tailored to Individual Preferences (Long) 
 Haruto Domoto, Takahiro Uchiya, and Ichi Takumi 
  
 Towards Responsible Decisions with Limited Training Data Using Human-in-the-Loop (Long) 
 Ashesh Mahidadia, Michael Bain, Hendra Suryanto, Byeong Kang, Charles Guan, and Paul Compton 
  
 Efficient Redundancy Elimination to Discovering Concise Prevalent Co-location Patterns (Long) 
 Vanha Tran and Vanluan Nguyen 
  
 Seq2Seq RNNs for Bus Arrival Time Prediction 
 Nancy Bhutani, Soumen Pachal, and Avinash Achar 
  
 Optimizing Resource Distribution Towards Energy Justice in Resilient Smart Grids 
 Libo Zhang, Yuly Wu, Weidong Li, Song Yang, Yang Chen, Kaiqi Zhao, and Jiamou Liu 
  
 A Novel Adaptive Multi-channel Fusion Network Based on Deep Learning for Diabetes Diagnosis and Readmission Prediction 
 Peng Xia, Ni Li, Xinying Wang, Yucong Duan, Zeyu Yang, and Qi Qi 
 16:00-16:30 | Break (Afternoon Tea) 
 16:30-18:05 | Session 4: Blockchains, Cloud, and Cybersecurity 
 Session Chair: Huiwen Wu 
  
 Computable Relations Mapping with Horn Clauses for Inductive Program Synthesis (Long) 
 Taosheng Qiu and Ryutaro Ichise 
  
 kNN-Res: Residual Neural Network with kNN-Graph Coherence for Point Cloud Registration (Long) 
 Muhammad S. Battikh, Artem Lensky, Dillon Hammill, and Matthew Cook 
  
 Revolutionizing Organic Product Supply Chains: Blockchain, RSA-Encrypted NFTs, and IPFS for Ethical and Transparent Supply Chains (Long) 
 Trung Phan Hoang Tuan, Khoa Tran Dang, Nghiem Thanh Pham, Nam Tran Ba, Ngan Nguyen Thi Kim, Hieu Doan Minh, and Loc Van Cao Phu 
  
 A Variational Approach to Personalized Federated Learning and its Improvement (Long) 
 Huiwen Wu and Shuo Zhang 
  
 Fast and Robust Differential Private Stochastic Gradient Descent with Preconditioner (Long) 
 Huiwen Wu 
  
 The Integration of Federated Learning Techniques in Predictive Aircraft Maintenance using Cloud Services 
 Kim Tigchelaar, Seyed Sahand Mohammadi Ziabari, and Jeroen Mulder 
  
 A Cross-Chain Analysis of NFT-Based Personal Data Marketplaces: Evaluating EVM-Supported Platforms for Transparent of Data Trading 
 Triet Minh Nguyen, Bang Le Khanh, Khanh Hong Vo, Nhi Truc Le, Nghiem Pham Thanh, Khiem Huynh Gia, Nam Tran Ba, and Ngan Nguyen 
 18:05-18:15 | Closing remark 
 REGISTRATION 
 Registration is now available for both the author(s) and general participants. You can go toPRICAI websiteto complete registration. 
 Signing up for an account with the ConfAid is required before proceeding with your registration. You will find registration options specifically for PKAW in the system. The discount for PKAW participants is available until 22 September. 
 You will be asked to provide personal details and the paper information for the registration. Please enter your paper ID using the PKAW ID displayed in CMT3, such as "PKAW-01". 
 Camera-ready Submission 
 Submission Instruction 
 To smoothly publish your work in the proceedings of PKAW 2024, you must submit thecamera-ready paper, source files, and the signed and completed copyright transfer formby22 September 2024 (UTC-12). You need to submit the files using yourhref="https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/PKAW2024" - CMT3
account. 
 Please submit only one .zip archive and name it using your "PKAW-[your submission ID]". For example, PKAW-01. Please also ensure the archive includes the following files: 
 Camera-ready version of your paper - a pdf file of your paper. 
 Source files - all your LaTeX sources (LaTeX files with all the associated style files, special fonts, eps files and the underlying bib file for the references);OR a Word file in RTF format 
 Signed copyright transfer form 
  
 Camera-ready Copy and Source files 
 Please strictly follow thehref="files/Springer Author Instructions.pdf" - "Springer Author Instructions"
when preparing the final version.Downloadand use the correct template (either in Latex or MS Word) to prepare your final camera-copy paper. Papers must be in trouble-free, high-resolution PDF format. Use only the arabic numbers system (i.e. [1], [3-5], [4-6,9]) for your references. Please also pay attention tohref="https://www.springernature.com/gp/authors/book-authors-code-of-conduct" - Springer's Editorial Policies
when preparing your final copy. 
 The page limit given in the proceedings is strict as follows. Note thatNO appendix is allowed. 
 Long papers: 12 pages (excluding references) 
 Short papers: 8 pages (excluding references) 
 After submitting your paper, a corresponding author must be available to carry out a proof check of the paper. The corresponding author should be clearly marked as such in the header of the paper. He or she is also the one who signs the consent-to-publish form on behalf of all of the authors. Our publisher has recently introduced an extra control loop: once data processing is finished, they will contact all corresponding authors and ask them to check their papers. We expect this to happen shortly before the printing of the proceedings. At that time your quick interaction with Springer will be greatly appreciated. 
  
 Copyright Form 
 Please upload a signed and completed copyright form in EasyChair as soon as possible using thepre-filled Springer copyright form. Please do not change the main content and pre-filled content. 
 It is sufficient for one corresponding author to sign the copyright form. Springer requests that the corresponding author, who should match the corresponding author marked on the paper, must have the full right power, and authority to sign the agreement on behalf of all of the authors of a particular paper, and accepts responsibility for releasing this material on their behalf. Spring does not accept digital signatures on the consent-to-publish forms at present. 
 KEYNOTE SPEAKERS 
 Measuring urban bilateral job-housing balance based on big data: A case study of multiple cities in China 
 Associate Professor Zhou He, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, China 
 Abstract: The job-housing balance (JHB) has an essential impact on the residents’ sense of happiness and high-quality development of cities. This study proposes a new method for measuring job-housing balance and analyzing the influencing factors of different types of cities. First, based on the concept of “happy commuting”, this study constructs bilateral dynamic job-housing balance indicators: job-balance ratio (JBR) and residence-balance ratio (RBR). Then, this study uses big data to calculate the two indicators of 653 sub-districts (or jiedao in Chinese) in seven major cities in China, including Beijing, Shanghai, Xi’an, Wuhan, Shenyang, Shenzhen, and Xiamen. By combining visual analysis and difference value analysis of the two indicators, this study uses hierarchical clustering to classify the seven cities into four types: Job-centric with overall balance (Beijing), Balanced (Shanghai, Shenzhen, Xiamen), Residential-centric with overall balance (Xi’an, Wuhan), and Disjointed (Shenyang). Finally, based on the different types of cities, this study analyzes the influencing factors of urban job-housing balance with spatial distribution differences from three aspects: urban structure, urban facilities, and demographic characteristics. Based on empirical results, we proposed some policy recommendations for the sustainable and high-quality development of different types of cities. 
 Bio: Zhou He is an associate professor at the School of Economics and Management, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences. His research interests include agent-based modeling and policy simulation of complex management systems such as supply chains, sharing economy, and finance. He serves as an editorial board member of SCI/SSCI-indexed journals such as Flexible Services and Manufacturing Journal, Humanities & Social Sciences Communications, and Systems. He also serves as the Secretary-General of the Asian Social Simulation Association and the Convenor of ISO Supply Chain Research Ad Hoc Group. He has won the Beijing Science and Technology Progress Award, the Excellence Award of the Global Operational Optimization Challenge, and the Excellent Doctoral Dissertation of the Chinese Academy of Sciences. 
 © PKAW 2024