Conference full name: International Conference on Parallel Processing and Applied Mathematics (PPAM)

1. Website of PPAM_3: https://ppam.edu.pl/
Website information of PPAM_3:

href="./call#home" - PPAM 2024
.HOMENEWSABOUT CONFERENCEhref="./call#call" - Call
href="./call#topics" - Topics
WorkshopsTutorialshref="./call#speakers" - Keynote Speakers
CommitteesOrganizersFor Sponsorshref="./call#contact" - Contact
SUBMISSIONhref="./call#submission" - Submission and publication
href="./call#submission" - Journal Special Issues
href="./call#dates" - Important Dates
href="download/instruction_ppam2024.pdf" - Instruction for Camera-Ready Papers
PARTICIPATIONFeeRegistrationAccommodationAccountPROGRAMVENUEPHOTO GALLERYClose ×href="./call#contact" - Contact
HomeNewshref="./call#call" - Call
href="./call#topics" - Topics
href="./call#speakers" - Speakers
href="./call#workshops" - Workshops
Committeeshref="./call#submission" - Submission
href="./call#dates" - Dates
Programhref="./call#tutorials" - Tutorials
VenueFor SponsorsFeeRegistrationAccommodationhref="./call#contact" - Contact
AccountPhoto Gallery 
 15th International Conference on 
 Parallel 
 Processing & 
 Applied 
 Mathematics15th International Conference on Parallel Processing & Applied Mathematics 
 Ostrava, Czech Republic, September 8-11, 2024 
 Celebrating the 30th Anniversary of PPAM 
 The first PPAM was held in 1994, in Czestochowa 
 HONORARY PATRONAGE 
 The PPAM 2024 conference is under the honorary patronage of the city of Ostrava. 
  
 . 
 30.10.2024 
 The deadline for submitting the camera-ready papers extended!!! 
 Due to multiple requests from authors, the deadline for submitting the camera-ready 
 versions of the papers accepted and presented at PPAM 2024 is extended to November 8th, 2024. 
 10.10.2024 
 PPAM 2024 Session Recordings Already Available 
 Session recordings are available on the conference site:program. 
 All recordings are protected by a password sent in e-mail. 
 29.09.2024 
 Photo gallery is now available!!! 
 29.09.2024 
 Author's Instructions for Accepted Contributions!! 
 href="download/instruction_ppam2024.pdf" - Author's Instructions for Accepted Contributions
are already available!!! 
 27.09.2024 
 Turing Laureate Jack Dongarra discusses HPC challenges 
 We invite you to read the interviewgiven by Jack Dongarra during the conference. [href="download/interview/Jack_Dongarra_interview_PPAM2024-m.pdf" - download pdf file
] 
 17.09.2024 
 PPAM 2024 Special Award for the best paper presented at the First PPAM Workshop on RISC-V 
 Based on the reviewers’ reports, the Workshop chairs decided to give this award, including 400 euros funded by sponsors - Codasip and Semidynamics, to the paper: 
 Pablo Vizcaino Serrano, Filippo Mantovani, Jesus Labarta, Roger Ferrer - | RAVE: RISC-V Analyzer of Vector Executions, a QEMU tracing plugin 
 13.09.2024 
 PPAM Best Paper Award 
 The International Conference on Parallel Processing and Applied Mathematics (PPAM) Best Paper Award is given upon recommendation of the PPAM Chairs and Program Committee in recognition of the research paper quality, originality and significance of the work in high performance computing. 
 The PPAM Best Paper was first awarded at PPAM 2019 in Bialystok. 
 PPAM 20224 Winner for Main Track 
 Sergio Iserte, Iker Martín Álvarez, Krzysztof Rojek, José I. Aliaga, Maribel Castillo and Antonio J. Peña - | Towards the Democratization and Standardization of Dynamic Resources with MPI Spawning 
 PPAM 2024 Winner for Workshops 
 Mario Rüttgers, Fabian Hübenthal, Makoto Tsubokura and Andreas Lintermann - | Parallel reinforcement learning and Gaussian process regression for improved physics-based nasal surgery planning 
 PPAM 2024 Winner for Student Paper 
 Gabriel Hévr and Ivan Šimeček - | PPQSort: Pattern Parallel Quicksort 
 To stimulate potential authors' interest in submitting high-quality articles to the PPAM conference, one author of each winning paper will receive a significant reduction in the conference fee for the next PPAM conference. As we have three winning papers in PPAM 2024, one author of each work gets at least a 50% discount on the conference fee for PPAM 2026. 
 PPAM 2024 
 15th INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON 
 PARALLEL PROCESSING AND APPLIED MATHEMATICS 
 The PPAM 2024 conference is organized by the Department of Computer Science of the Czestochowa University of Technology together with the Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and IT4Innovations National Supercomputing Center of the Technical University of Ostrava, in technical cooperation with Poznań Supercomputing and Networking Center, under the patronage of the Committee of Informatics of the Polish Academy of Sciences. 
 This year, the PPAM conference will take place in Ostrava, a city in the northeast of the Czech Republic and the capital of the Moravian-Silesian Region. PPAM2024 will be heldfrom September 8 to September 11, 2024, at the Technical University of Ostrava, at the Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. 
  
 17. listopadu 2172/15, 708 00 Ostrava-Poruba (set the route in google maps) 
  
 PPAM2024 OVERVIEW 
 The PPAM 2024 conference, fifteenth in a series, will cover topics in parallel and distributed processing, including theory and applications, as well as applied mathematics. The focus will be on models, algorithms, and software tools which facilitate efficient and convenient utilization of modern parallel and distributed computing architectures as well as on large-scale applications. A special attention is expected to be given to the future of computing beyond Moore's Law, and AI/ML approaches in high performance computing.PPAM is a biennial conference started in 1994, with the proceedings published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer Sciences series. The PPAM Proceedings are indexed in main databases such as Web of Science, Scopus, and DBLP. 
 PPAM 2024 is expected to be an in-person conference with the possibility of remote participation. However, we strongly encourage in-person participation, as PPAM also has very compelling networking aspects and a social and cultural program. 
 The organizers will provide shuttles between Krakow airport and conference hotels in Ostrava.KEYNOTE SPEAKERS (tentative list) 
  
 Ivona Brandic 
 Vienna University of Technology, Austria 
  
 Vincenzo De Maio 
 Vienna University of Technology, Austria 
  
 "Building Blocks of Quantum-Accelerated Supercomputing" 
 abstract 
 Suma George Cardwell 
 Sandia National Laboratories, USA 
 "Neuromorphic Computing: Towards Brain-like Energy Efficiency" 
 href="docs/abstracts/PPAM_Keynote_Cardwell24_041924.docx" - abstract 
 Jack Dongarra 
 University of Tennessee and ORNL, USA 
 "Hits, Flops, and More" 
 abstract 
 Anshu Dubey 
 Argonne National Laboratory, USA 
 "Design, Code-generation, and Synthesis for Next Generation Science Codes" 
 abstract 
 Lin Gan 
 Tsinghua University & National Supercomputing Center in Wuxi, China 
 "Extreme Scale Earthquake Simulation with Crossing Multi-faults and Topography" 
 abstract 
 Torsten Hoefler 
 ETH Zurich, Switzerland 
 "AI for High-Performance Climate and Earth Virtualization Engines" 
 abstract 
 Klaus Jansen 
 University of Kiel, Germany 
 "New Algorithmic Results for Scheduling via Integer Linear Programming" 
 abstract 
 Dieter Kranzlmüller 
 Leibniz Supercomputing Centre (LRZ) and Ludwig-Maximilians-Universität Munich (LMU), Germany 
 Jesus Labarta 
 Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain 
 "Pushing RISC-V into HPC" 
 abstract 
 Filippo Mantovani 
 Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain 
 "A RISC-V vector CPU for High-Performance Computing: architecture, platforms and tools to make it happen" 
 abstract 
 Satoshi Matsuoka 
 RIKEN Center for Computational Science, Japan 
 "Beyond Fugaku/Exascale--- Evolving Computing Towards the Next Generation at Riken R-CCS: AI for Science TRIP-AGIS, JHPC-Quantum, and FugakuNEXT" 
 Dhabaleswar K. Panda 
 Ohio State University, USA 
 "Designing Converged Middleware for HPC, AI, Big Data, and Data Science" 
 href="docs/abstracts/dk_abstract_bio_ppam24.docx" - abstract 
 Manish Parashar 
 University of Utah, USA 
 "From the Edge to HPC – Harnessing the Computing Continuum for Science" 
 abstract 
 Massimiliano Lupo Pasini 
 Oak Ridge National Laboratory, USA 
 "Overview of Oak Ridge National Laboratory’s AI Initiative: Advancing Secure, Trustworthy, and Energy-Efficient AI at Scale for Scientific Discovery" 
 abstract 
 Olga Pearce 
 Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, USA 
 "Collaborative continuous benchmarking for HPC" 
 abstract 
 John Shalf 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, LBNL, USA 
 "Investigating Chiplets for Scalable and Cost Effective HPC Beyond Exascale" 
 abstract 
 Amarda Shehu 
 George Mason University, USA 
 "Strengthening AI to Enable Scientific Discovery" 
 href="docs/abstracts/Shehu-PPAM-Keynote-Sep2024.docx" - abstract 
 Michela Taufer 
 University of Tennessee, USA 
 "Analytics4NN: Accelerating Neural Architecture Search through Modeling and High-Performance Computing Techniques" 
 abstract 
 Juris Ulmanis 
 Alpine Quantum Technology (AQT), Austria 
 "Bridging the gap: quantum accelerators for HPC" 
 abstract 
 Gabriele Paciucci 
 Nvidia , Principal Solution Architect EMEA 
 "How to Harness the Power of High-Performance Computing for Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence" 
 abstract 
 Vineet Tyagi 
 Supermicro, System Architekt EMEA 
 "How to Harness the Power of High-Performance Computing for Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence" 
 abstract 
 Utz-Uwe Haus 
 Hewlett Packard Enterprise 
 "Digitial Twins – Past, Present and a Challenging Future " 
 abstract 
 Ivona Brandic 
 Suma George Cardwell 
 Jack Dongarra 
 Anshu Dubey 
 Lin Gan 
 Torsten Hoefler 
 Klaus Jansen 
 Jesus Labarta 
 Filippo Mantovani 
 Satoshi Matsuoka 
 Thomas Monz 
 Dhabaleswar K. Panda 
 Manish Parashar 
 Massimiliano Lupo Pasini 
 Olga Pearce 
 John Shalf 
 Amarda Shehu 
 Michela Taufer 
 PPAM2024 CHAIRS 
 Roman Wyrzykowski 
 CHAIR OF PROGRAM COMMITTEE 
 Czestochowa University of Technology, Poland 
 Roman Wyrzykowski received the MSc and PhD degrees from Kiev Polytechnic Institute in Computer Science, in 1982 and 1986, respectively. Since 1982, he is employed at Czestochowa University of Technology, Poland, where currently, he is a Full Professor in the Department of Computer Science. His fields of expertise are: parallel and distributed computing, cloud and edge technologies, HPC co-design technologies, performance modeling and optimization, parallel computing applications, accelerating fluid dynamic simulation with machine learning methods, etc. Since 1994, he has chaired the program committee of the PPAM series of international conferences on parallel processing and applied mathematics. He is an IEEE Senior Member and member of ACM. 
 Ewa Deelman 
 CO-CHAIR OF PROGRAM COMMITTEE 
 University of Southern California, USA 
 Ewa Deelman received the PhD degree in computer science from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. She is currently a research professor with the Computer Science Department and the assistant director for the Science Automation Technologies group at the University of Southern California Information Sciences Institute. Her research focuses on distributed computing, in particular regarding how to best support complex scientific applications on a variety of computational environments, including campus clusters, clouds, and high-performance and high-throughput computing systems. Dr. Deelman is a AAAS, IEEE, and USC/ISI Felow. 
 CONTACT 
 prof. Roman Wyrzykowski 
 Phone: +48 668 476 840 
 Fax: +48 34 3250 589 
 e-mail: roman@icis.pcz.pl 
 Department of Computer Science 
 Czestochowa University of Technology 
 Dabrowskiego 69, 
 42-201 Czestochowa, Poland 
 Previous conferences 
 href="./prev/ppam2022" - PPAM'22
href="./prev/ppam2019" - PPAM'19
href="./prev/ppam2017" - PPAM'17
href="./prev/ppam2015" - PPAM'15
href="./prev/ppam2013" - PPAM'13
href="./prev/ppam2011" - PPAM'11
href="./prev/ppam2009" - PPAM'09
href="./prev/ppam2007" - PPAM'07
To the topAssociation of Computer Science Academy 
 Copyright © PPAM 2024

2. Website of PPAM_3: https://www.esiwace.eu/events/parallel-processing-applied-mathematics-ppam
Website information of PPAM_3:

Search SiteSearchAdvanced Search…Search SiteSearchAdvanced Search… 
 Contact 
 Sprache: 
 Project | Objectives 
 Past Phases (2016 - 2023) 
 New Generation of Climate Models 
 European HPC Landscape 
 Videos 
 Publications 
 Stories 
 Job Opportunities 
 About us | Teamwork 
 Partners 
 Services | Fields of Expertise 
 Service Catalogue 
 href="https://www.esiwace.eu/services/software-support" - Service Calls 
 HPCW 
 Service explained 
 Training | Training Events 
 Training Material 
 Events 
 News 
 Parallel Processing & Applied Mathematics - PPAM 
 Workshop on Advancements of Global Challenges Applications 
 Home 
 Events 
 Parallel Processing & Applied Mathematics - PPAM 
 Parallel Processing &amp; Applied Mathematics - PPAMWorkshop on Advancements of Global Challenges Applicationshttps://www.esiwace.eu/events/parallel-processing-applied-mathematics-ppamhttps://www.esiwace.eu/events/parallel-processing-applied-mathematics-ppam/@@images/image-1200-bb562de78e63ebeb7affd59f9dd167e0.pngpublishedMay 27, 2024href="https://www.esiwace.eu/events/parallel-processing-applied-mathematics-ppam" - https://www.esiwace.eu/events/parallel-processing-applied-mathematics-ppam 
 Parallel Processing & Applied Mathematics - PPAM 
 2024-09-08T00:00:00+02:00 
 2024-09-11T23:59:59+02:00 
 Workshop on Advancements of Global Challenges Applications 
 WhenSep 08, 2024toSep 11, 2024 
 (Europe/Berlin / UTC200)WhereOstrava (Czech Republic) 
 Webhref="https://ppam.edu.pl/docs/workshops/PPAM_AGCA_2024.pdf" - Visit external website
Add event to calendarhref="https://www.esiwace.eu/events/parallel-processing-applied-mathematics-ppam/ics_view" - iCal
Parallel Processing & Applied Mathematics Conference - PPAM 
 The PPAM 2024 conference is organized by the Department of Computer Science of the Czestochowa University of Technology together with the Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science and IT4Innovations National Supercomputing Center of the Technical University of Ostrava, in technical cooperation with Poznań Supercomputing and Networking Center, under the patronage of the Committee of Informatics of the Polish Academy of Sciences. 
 This year, the PPAM conference will take place in Ostrava, a city in the northeast of the Czech Republic and the capital of the Moravian-Silesian Region. PPAM2024 will be heldfrom September 8 to September 11, 2024, at the Technical University of Ostrava, at the Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. 
 Workshop on Advancements of Global Challenges Applications 
 The Workshop on Advancements of Global Challenges Applications (AGCA) shall be held in conjunction with the 15th International Conference on Parallel Processing and Applied Mathematics PPAM 2024 in Ostrava, Czech Republic, September 8 - 11, 2024. Global Challenges (GC) addresses problems that require interdisciplinary expertise, and demands for solutions at scale due to their inherent complexity. Thus, GC aims to explore synergies between modelling, data acquisition, simulation, data analysis and visualisation along with achieving better scalability on current and future HPC and AI infrastructures to deliver highly-scalable solutions that can effectively utilise pre-exascale systems. The AGCA workshop is intended to be a forum for the discussion of ideas for the development of high-scale simulation applications tackling GC demands, with particular emphasis on their scalability, efficiency and co-design. 
 Sitemap 
 Project 
 About us 
 Services 
 Training 
 Events 
 News 
 Job Opportunities 
 Contact 
 Imprint / Privacy policy 
 ESiWACE@Twitter 
 ESiWACE@LinkedIn 
 ESiWACE@YouTube 
 ESiWACE3 has received funding from the European High Performance Computing Joint Undertaking (EuroHPC JU) and the European Union (EU) under grant agreement No101093054. 
  
 © Deutsches Klimarechenzentrum GmbH

3. Website of PPAM_3: https://www.hidalgo2.eu/call-for-papers-workshop-on-advancements-of-global-challenges-applications-ppam-2024-conference/
Website information of PPAM_3:

Manage Cookie Consent 
 To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. 
 FunctionalFunctionalAlways activeThe technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.PreferencesPreferencesThe technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.StatisticsStatisticsThe technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.MarketingMarketingThe technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.Manage optionsManage servicesManage {vendor_count} vendorsRead more about these purposesAcceptDenyView preferencesSave preferencesView preferencesCookie PolicyPrivacy Policy{title}Skip to contentHome 
 About | Menu Toggle | About 
 Partners | Menu Toggle | Consortium 
 People 
 Synergies 
 Use Cases | Menu Toggle | The Urban Air Project 
 Urban Building Model 
 The Renewable Energy Sources 
 Wildfires 
 Material Transport in Water 
 Deliverables 
 Trainings 
 News | Menu Toggle | News 
 Newsletters 
 Press Releases 
 Dissemination Material 
 Scientific Publications 
 Contact 
 Main MenuHome 
 About | Menu Toggle | About 
 Partners | Menu Toggle | Consortium 
 People 
 Synergies 
 Use Cases | Menu Toggle | The Urban Air Project 
 Urban Building Model 
 The Renewable Energy Sources 
 Wildfires 
 Material Transport in Water 
 Deliverables 
 Trainings 
 News | Menu Toggle | News 
 Newsletters 
 Press Releases 
 Dissemination Material 
 Scientific Publications 
 Contact 
 Call for papers! Workshop on advancements of global challenges applications | PPAM 2024 Conference 
 /Events,News/ Byhref="https://www.hidalgo2.eu/author/siteadm/" - HiDALGO2
Our project HiDALGO2 organises a workshop during this autumn Conference at Ostrava, Czech Republic, September 08 – 11, 2024. The deadlines for papers submission for the AGCA workshop have been extended. The submission of papers isMay 22, 2024and the notification of acceptance isJuly 3, 2024. The workshop is entitled “Workshop on advancements of global challenges applications” (AGCA event) and will be presented during thehref="https://ppam.edu.pl/" - 15th PPAM 2024 Conference
(INTERNATIONAL CONFERENCE ON PARALLEL PROCESSING AND APPLIED MATHEMATICS). 
 The invited speakers to our workshop are Rafał Duczmal, Chair of the EuroHPC Joint Undertaking (EuroHPC JU) Governing Board, and Prof. Michael M. Resch, Director of our partner, the High-Performance Computing Center in Stuttgart. 
 The rules of the PPAM conference apply to these papers. Papers will be refereed and accepted based on their scientific merit, relevance to the workshop topics, originality, correctness, and presentation quality. Papers cannot be previously published or submitted for publication elsewhere, and they should not exceed 14 pages (LNCS style). Please submit the full papers via the PPAM Conference submission system (EasyChair, look for AGCA track), formatted according to the PPAM specification:href="https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=ppam2024" - https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=ppam2024
Submissions should be prepared for double-blind review, i.e., without author names or other identifying material. Authors should refer to themselves in the third person when citing their work. 
 The authors of the best articles selected by the program committee and the guest editors will be invited to submit extended versions of their work to a special issue of journals with Impact Factor such as Future Generation Computer Systems, Int. Journal of High-Performance Computing Applications, Concurrency and Computation: Practice and Experience. 
 Read more at our website:https://www.hidalgo2.eu/workshop-on-advancements-of-global-challenges-applications-agca/ 
 AGCA event is a collaborative venture of theHiDALGO2 Project, HANAMI,Plasma-PEPSC,EoCoE Centre of Excellence: HPC for energy,BioExcel CoE,ESiWACE3,EXCELLERAT, andCASTIEL project 
 For more information, you can contact: 
 Marcin Lawenda 
 Poznan Supercomputing and Networking Center 
 Jana Pawła II 10 , 61-139 Poznań, POLAND 
 email:lawenda@man.poznan.pl 
 You can clickhref="https://easychair.org/my/conference?conf=ppam2024" - here
for your paper submission 
 Post navigation←Previous Post 
 Next Post→ 
 Related Posts 
 HiDALGO2 in CASTIEL2 Kick-offEvents 
 HiDALGO2 in SIAM CSE (CSE23)Events 
 HiDALGO2 – EXCELLERAT P2 joint mini symposium at the SIAM CSE23 conferenceEvents,News 
 EMAIL.OFFICE@HIDALGO2.EU 
 Home 
 About 
 Consortium 
 People 
 Synergies 
 Deliverables 
 Trainings 
 News 
 Contact 
 SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER 
 Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. 
 Name*First 
 Last 
 Email* 
 Join 
 Co-funded by the European Union. This work has received funding from the European High Performance Computing Joint Undertaking (JU) and Poland, Germany, Spain, Hungary, France under grant agreement number: 101093457. 
 Views and opinions expressed are however those of the author(s) only and do not necessarily reflect those of the European Union or the European High Performance Computing Joint Undertaking (JU) and Poland, Germany, Spain, Hungary, France. Neither the European Union nor the granting authority can be held responsible for them. 
 Copyright © 2025 HiDALGO2 
 Manage consentScroll to Top

4. Website of PPAM_3: https://www.manishparashar.org/news
Website information of PPAM_3:

0Skip to ContentHomeNewshref="/key-publications" - Research
AboutBiosketchhref="/technical-leadership" - Technical Leadership
Professional RecognitionContactOpen MenuClose MenuOpen MenuClose MenuHomeNewshref="/key-publications" - Research
AboutBiosketchhref="/technical-leadership" - Technical Leadership
Professional RecognitionContactHome 
 News 
 href="/key-publications" - Research
Folder:AboutContact 
 BackBiosketch 
 href="/technical-leadership" - Technical Leadership
Professional Recognition 
 2025 
 Prof. Parashar exploresAI’s myths, dangers, societal impact, ethical considerations, and future potential, emphasizing responsible development and its transformative role in healthcare, science, and technology. 
 Prof. Parashar appointedinaugural Chief Artificial Intelligence Officerfor The University of Utah. 
 Prof. Parashar highlightshref="https://www.deseret.com/opinion/2025/02/12/responsible-ai-leadership-utah-tech-week/" - Utah’s efforts to foster AI innovation through the One-U Resposible AI initiative and Responsible AI community consortium
. 
 Prof. Parashar discussesAI’s transformative potential, governance challenges, and the role of government in democratizing AI resources for social benefit. 
 2024 
 Prof. Parashar presented a keynote atAnnual Chapter Summit, ACM India Counciltitled “Democratizing Data and Responsible Artificial Intelligence”. 
 Prof. Parashar presented a keynote at the17th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Utility and Cloud Computing (UCC 2024)titled “Democratizing Science across the Digital Continuum”. 
 Prof. Parashar presented a keynote at thehref="https://ppam.edu.pl/" - 15th International Conference on Parallel Processing and Applied Mathematics (PPAM 2024)
titled “From the Edge to HPC – Harnessing the Computing Continuum for Science”. 
 Prof. Parashar awarded the2024 CRA Distinguished Service Award“in recognition of his multi-faceted and highly impactful service to the computing research community”. 
 Prof. Parashar presented a keynote at the11th Multicore World Conferencetitled “Democratizing Access to Science Data”. 
 2023 
 Prof. Parashar presented a keynote at the30th IEEE International Conference on High Performance Computingtitled “Computing Everywhere, All at Once: Harnessing the Computing Continuum for Science“. 
 Prof. Parashar awarded the2023 IEEE Sidney Fernbach Memorial Awardfor his contributions to distributed high-performance computing systems and applications, data-driven workflows, and translational impact and transformative impact on scientific computing and industry. 
 Prof. Parashar awarded the2023 Achievement Award in High Performance Distributed Computingfor pioneering contributions in high performance parallel and distributed computational methods, data management, in-situ computing, and international leadership in cyberinfrastructure and translational computer science. 
 Parashar is aPresidential Professor at theU 
 2022 
 Prof. Parashar presented a keynote at the31st ACM International Symposium on High-Performance Parallel and Distributed Computing (ACM HPDC 2022)titled "href="https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3502181.3537771" - Data-Management for Extreme Science: Experiences in Translational Computer Science Research
". 
 Prof. Parashar was namedPresidential Professor at the School of Computing at the University of Utah. 
 Prof. Parashar, in coordination with the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP), is chairing thehref="https://www.ai.gov/nairrtf/" - National AI Research Resource (NAIRR) Task Force
. 
 2021 
 Prof. Parashar presented a keynote at thehref="https://conf.researchr.org/home/acsos-2021" - 2nd IEEE International Conference on Autonomic Computing and Self-Organizing Systems—ACSOS 2021
titled "href="https://conf.researchr.org/details/acsos-2021/acsos-2021-papers/25/Advancing-Science-at-Speed-and-Scale-Innovation-Translation-Advanced-Cyberinfrast" - Advancing Science at Speed and Scale: Innovation, Translation & Advanced Cyberinfrastructure
". 
 Prof. Parashar presented a keynote at the50th International Conference on Parallel Processing (ICPP)titled "Harnessing Advanced Cyberinfrastructure for Urgent Science". 
 The U.S. Needs a National Strategic Computing Reserve, Manish Parashar and Amy Friedlander, Scientific American, June 2021. 
 Prof. Parashar presented an invited talk at theISC High Performance 2021 Digitalevent in June-July 2021, titled "Advanced Cynerinfrastructure and the COVID-19 Response". 
 In 2016, Parashar was named to IEEE’sGolden Corefor long-standing service to the professional society. 
 Prof. Parashar's presentation at theHPC User Forummeeting in May 2021 titled "Advanced Cyberinfrastructure and the COVID-19 Response" is availablehere. 
 Impacts of theCOVID-19 HPC Consortiumhighlighted on its one-year anniversary:WSJ,HPCWire,GCN. 
 Prof. Parashar awarded thehref="https://www.computer.org/volunteering/boards-and-committees/technical-activities/awards" - 2021 T&C Distinguished Leadership Award
by the IEEE Computer Society Technical & Conference Activities Board. 
 2020 
 Prof. Parashar namedFellowof theAssociation for Computing Machinery (ACM)for contributions to high-performance parallel and distributed computing and computational science. 
 Prof. Parashar presented an Inivted Talk titled "Intelligent Data Management for Extreme-Scales In-Situ Workflows" at theDRBSD-6: The 6th International Workshop on Data Analysis and Reduction for Big Scientific Dataheld in conjunction withSC20, November 2020. 
 Prof. Parashar presented a Vision Talk titled "Harnessing the Computing Continuum for Urgent Science" at theInternational Workshop on Distributed Cloud Computing (DCC 2020)held in conjunction with ACM SIGMETRICS 2020, May 2020. 
 Paper titled “Distributed Multi-Sensor Machine Learning Approach to Earthquake Early Warning,” awardedhref="https://aaai.org/Awards/paper.php" - Outstanding Paper Award: Special Track on AI for Social Impact
at the34th AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence (AAAI-20), New York, NY, USA, February 2020. 
 2019 
 Prof. Parashar presented the Keynote titled “Exploring the Future of Facilities-based, Driven-Driven Science,” at the 15th eScience Conference, San Diego, CA, USA, September 2019. 
 Prof. Parashar presented the Keynote titled “Data-drive Science across the Cyberinfrastructure Continuum,” at the 13th International Conference on Parallel Processing Applied Mathematics, Bialystok, Poland, September 2019. 
 2018 
 Prof. Parashar presented the Keynote titled “Extreme Scales, Big Data, and the Transformation of Science,” at the 24th International Conference on Parallel and Distributed Systems (ICPADS 2018), Sentosa, Singapore, December 2018. 
 Prof. Parashar presented the Keynote titled “Big Data at Extreme-Scales: Addressing Computational Challenges in the 21st Century,” at the 30th International Symposium on Computer Architecture and High-Performance Computing (SBAC-PAD 2018), Lyon, France, September 2018. 
 Prof. Parashar presented the Keynote titled “Data Management, In-Situ Workflows and Extreme Scales,” at the 8th International Workshop on Runtime and Operating Systems for Supercomputers (ROSS 2018), in conjunction with the in conjunction with the 32nd IEEE International Parallel and Distributed Processing Symposium (HPDC 2018), Tempe, AZ, USA, June 2018. 
 Prof. Parashar presented the Keynote titled “Managing Heterogeneity at Extreme Scales: A Data Perspective,” at the 2018 Heterogeneity in Computing Workshop (HCW 2018), in conjunction with the 32nd IEEE International Parallel and Distributed Processing Symposium (IPDPS 2018), Vancouver, BC, Canada, May 2018. 
 2017 
 Prof. Parashar presented the Keynote titled “Extreme Scale Data Management for In-Situ Scientific Workflows,” at the 12th Workflows in Support of Large-Scale Science (WORKS), in conjunction with SC17: The International Conference for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis, Denver, CO, November 2017. 
 Prof. Parashar presented the Keynote titled “Computing in the Continuum: Harnessing a Pervasive Data Ecosystem,” at the 14th ACS/IEEE International Conference on Computer Systems and Applications (AICCSA 2017), Hammamet, Tunisia, October-November 2017. 
 Parashar is an AAAS Fellow, ACM Fellow, and IEEE Fellow. 
 Learn more about his many recognitions. 
 Prof. Parashar presented the Keynote titled “Data Cyberinfrastructure for End-to-end Science: Experiences from the Ocean Observatories Initiative” at the 12th International Conference on Parallel Processing and Applied Mathematics (PPAM 2017), Lublin, Poland, September 2017. 
 Prof. Parashar appointed as Office Director of theOffice of Advanced Cyberinfrastructure (OAC)at theUS National Science Foundation (NSF). 
 Prof. Parashar elected Editor in Chief of theIEEE Transactions of Parallel and Distributed Systems, June 2017 (Term starting January 2018). 
 Prof. Parashar presented the Keynote titled "Computing in the Continuum: Harnessing Pervasive Data Ecosystems" at the 2017 IEEE Services Conference Federation (SCF 2017), Honolulu, Hawaii, USA, June 2017. 
 Prof. Parashar presented the Keynote titled “Big Data Challenges in Extreme Scale Science.” at theInternational Conference on Computing Systems (CompSys-2017), Vught, the Netherlands, June 2017. 
 Prof. Parashar was awarded the2017 IEEE TCPP Outstanding Service Awardby theIEEE Computer Society Technical Committee on Parallel Processing (TCPP). 
 RDI2 and its Caliburn Supercoputer featured inNJ Business. 
 Prof. Parashar presented the Keynote titled Computing in the Continuum: Harnessing Pervasive Data Ecosystems at the1st IEEE International Conference on Fog and Edge Computing (ICFEC 2017)in Mardid, Spain, May 14, 2017. 
 2016 
 Prof. Parashar elected to IEEE Computer Society'sGolden Core, 2016. 
 Prof. Parashar appointed as Founding Chair of thehref="http://tc.computer.org/tchpc/" - IEEE Computer Society Technical Consortium on High Performance Computing
. 
 DataSpacesstaging featured in recent articles aboutADIOS—seeHPCwireandhref="http://www.military-technologies.net/2017/02/23/adios-version-1-11-moves-io-framework-from-research-to-production/" - MILTECH
. 
 Coveraged ofRDI2's Caliburn Launch:Star Ledger/NJ.Com,myCentral/Jersey.com(Watch),TAPinto.net,FIOS1 News,HPCwire,New Jersey Tech Weekly,American Entrepreneurship Today,Rutgers Targum 
 Congratulations to Qian Sun, Melissa Romanus and Tong Jin for receiving the Best Paper Award for our paper titled In-Staging Data Placement for Asynchronous Coupling of Task-Based Scientific Workflows presented at theSecond International Workshop on Extreme Scale Programming Models and Middleware (ESPM2 2016)at SC'16. 
 RDI2 awarded a $4 MillionNSF DIBBsgrant (M. Parashar, PI) titledVirtual Data Collaboratory (VDC): A Regional Cyberinfrastructure for Collaborative Data Intensive Science(See Newswise Article). 
 Manish Parashar, PhD

