Conference full name: IEEE International Symposium on Rapid System Prototyping (was IEEE Symposium on Rapid Prototyping) (RSP)

1. Website of RSP_2: https://conferences.imt-atlantique.fr/rsp-symposium/
Website information of RSP_2:

href="/rsp-symposium/adm" - 
Home 
 > | href="/rsp-symposium/" - RSP Symposium 
 RSP Symposium 
 href="/rsp-symposium/" - RSP Symposium 
 href="/rsp-symposium/about/" - About 
 href="/rsp-symposium/cfp/" - Call for papers 
 Committees 
 href="/rsp-symposium/submission/" - Submission 
 href="/rsp-symposium/camera-ready-submission-guidelines/" - Camera-ready submission guidelines 
 href="/rsp-symposium/program/" - Program 
 href="/rsp-symposium/registration/" - Registration 
 href="/rsp-symposium/previous-editions/" - Previous editions 
 35thInternational Workshop on Rapid System Prototyping (RSP) 
 Shortening the Path from Specification to Prototype 
 October 3,2024 | Raleigh, NC, USA 
 Part ofESWEEK'2024 
 News 
 Important Dates: 
 Paper Submission (extended): | July 8, 2024, | July 22 | , 2024 
 Notification of Acceptance: | July 31, 2024 | , August 13, 2024 
 Camera-Ready Manuscript due: | September 3, 2024 | , September 13, 2024 
 RSP'2024 to be part of ESWEEK 
 RSP'2024 will be held in conjunction with ESWEEK'24. The workshop will take place on October 3, 2024. 
 Sponsoring 
 RSP'2024 Workshop is applying for cosponsorship by ACM (SIGBED, SIGDA, SIGMICRO) and IEEE (CAS, RS, CEDA). 
 Credits | legal information

2. Website of RSP_2: https://cps-vo.org/node/98553
Website information of RSP_2:

Skip to main contentCyber-Physical Systems Virtual OrganizationCPS-VOLogin 
 Not a member?Forgot your password?LoginHamburger Menu 
 Home 
 Tools 
 Projects 
 PI Meetings 
 Communities 
 35th International Workshop on Rapid System Prototyping (RSP'2024) 
 The International Workshop on Rapid System Prototyping (RSP) emphasizes design experience sharing and collaborative approach between hardware and software research communities from industry and academy. It considers prototyping as an iterative design approach for embedded hardware and software systems. The RSP series of workshop aim at bridging the gaps in embedded system design between applications, architectures, tools, and technologies to achieve rapid system prototyping of emerging software and hardware systems. 
 For its 35th venue, the Rapid System Prototyping workshop seeks original contributions related to this target, encompassing a wide scope ranging from formal methods for the verification of software and hardware systems to case studies of emerging embedded systems and technologies. The workshop proposes an inspiring international forum for discussing the latest related innovations and research activities. The workshop program will include keynote speeches and technical papers on timely topics. 
  
 The RSP workshop continues as a part of the Embedded Systems Week, that will be held on September 29 to October 4, 2024 in Raleigh, NC, USA. Seehttp://www.esweek.orgfor more details. 
 Suggested topics cover bothsoftware and hardware domains. They include, but are not limited to: 
 Rapid prototyping and emulation methods and tools 
 Specification models and methodologies for hardware/software systems 
 Emerging technologies, devices, boards, and applications 
 Prototyping experiences related to emerging technologies (memories, 3D integration, next generation wireless, Internet of Things) 
 Prototyping of embedded systems for real-time, low power, and flexibility 
 Hardware and software platforms for IoT systems 
 Middleware for embedded systems 
 Model-driven engineering and prototyping 
 Formal methods and verification/validation of embedded systems 
 Reliability and failure analysis for embedded systems 
 Embedded system virtualization 
 Virtual prototyping and platforms for embedded systems 
 Prototyping methods and tools for reconfigurable computing 
 Rapid design approaches for application-specific processors 
 MPSoC and GPU-based system design and challenges 
 Hardware platforms and approaches for simulations acceleration 
 Industrial experiences in embedded system prototyping 
 The program committee invites authors to submit original unpublished full papers. Authors of selected papers will be requested to prepare a final camera-ready manuscript for the workshop proceedings and must register and attend the workshop for their paper to be published. Each technical paper must be associated with an author registration. Papers should not exceed 7 pages. Submission instructions as well as templates can be found on the RSP web site. Accepted papers will be submitted for inclusion into IEEE Xplore subject to meeting IEEE Xplore's scope and quality requirements. 
 Important Dates: 
 Paper Submission (extended): | July 8, 2024, | July 22, 2024 
 Notification of Acceptance: July 31, 2024, August 13, 2024 
 Camera-Ready Manuscript due: September 3, 2024, September 13, 2024 
 General Chairs: 
 Frédéric Rousseau, TIMA, University Grenoble-Alpes (France) and Amer Baghdadi, IMT Atlantique/Lab-STICC (France) 
 Program Chairs: 
 Kenneth Kent, University of New Brunswick (Canada) and Georgiy Krylov, University of New Brunswick (Canada) 
 Publicity Chairs: 
 Sungjoo Yoo, Seoul National University (Korea) 
 Publication Chair: 
 Olivier Muller, TIMA, University Grenoble-Alpes (France) 
 Paper submission 
 Submission instructions as well as templates can be found on the RSP web site. 
 Electronically submit all papers using the following link: 
 href="https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=rsp2024" - https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=rsp2024
© 2025 Cyber-Physical Systems Virtual Organization 
 Footer 
 Terms

3. Website of RSP_2: https://www.dau.edu/library/damag/sept-oct2024/conferences-meetings
Website information of RSP_2:

Skip to main contentAn official website of the United States government 
 Here’s how you know 
 Here’s how you knowOfficial websites use .gov 
 A.govwebsite belongs to an official government organization in the United States. 
 Secure .gov websites use HTTPS 
 Alock(LockA locked padlock) orhttps://means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. 
 SearchTrainingBROWSE ALL TRAININGCommercial Learning OpportunitiesCoursesCredentialsiCatalogLearning PlaylistsSenior Service College FellowshipVideos and PodcastsVirtual CampusWeb EventsWorkshopsDAWIA CERTIFICATION INFORMATIONCareer Development Opportunity (CDO) ToolCertification Eligibility ToolCertification StandardsGetting Back-to-BasicsTRAINING SUPPORTContinuous Learning CenterEquivalency ProgramRapid Deployment TrainingRequest a TranscriptStudent Policies and InformationResourcesKNOWLEDGE ASSETSACQuipediaAdaptive Acquisition Framework (AAF)Adaptive Acquisition Framework Document Identification (AAFDID)Adaptive Acquisition Framework Pathway ResourcesCommunities of Practice (CoPs)GlossaryTools CatalogMISSION ASSISTANCECoachingCustomized Learning SolutionsExecutive SupportNEWS AND PUBLICATIONSBlogsDefense Acquisition Magazinehref="/library/darj" - Defense Acquisition Research Journal
Newshref="/library/research" - LIBRARY AND RESEARCH
Professional Reading Programhref="https://dau-libguides-com.dauknowledgerepository.idm.oclc.org/daukr" - Virtual Research Library
Topic AreasFUNCTIONAL AREASAuditingBusiness - Cost EstimatingBusiness - Financial ManagementContractinghref="/functional-areas/engineering-and-technical-management" - Engineering and Technical Management
Life Cycle LogisticsProgram ManagementTest and EvaluationKNOWLEDGE AREASAcquisition IntelligenceAcquisition SecurityAcquisition of ServicesEarned Value ManagementInformation TechnologyIntellectual PropertyInternational Acquisition / Security CooperationSmall BusinessSoftware AcquisitionSoftware DevelopmentSPECIAL INTEREST AREASAcquisition LeadershipBusiness AcumenContracting Officer's Representative (COR)CybersecurityRequirements ManagementSTRATEGIC INITIATIVESAcquisition InnovationDoing Business with Department of DefenseGreat Power CompetitionInnovate To WinZero TrustAbout DAULEADERSHIP / ORGANIZATIONAccreditationAnnual ReportCareers4th Estate Defense Acquisition Career Management (DACM)Acquisition Workforce Personnel Demonstration (AcqDemo)Human Capital Initiatives (HCI)Leadership BiosOrganizational StructureWriting AwardsLOCATIONS AND COLLEGESCapital & NortheastCollege of Contract ManagementDefense Systems Management CollegeMid-AtlanticMidwestSouthWestPARTNERSHIPSCommercial Learning OpportunitiesEquivalency ProgramGet College CreditHelpMy TrainingMy TranscriptsSign InBreadcrumb 
 Home 
 Defense Acquisition Magazine 
 Defense Acquisition Magazine September - October 2024 
 Conferences and Meetings 
 Conferences and Meetings 
 Current conferences and meetings of interest toDefense Acquisitionreaders. Links are provided to registration and additional information. 
 Inclusion herein is for informational purposes only and does not in any way imply DAU or Department of Defense endorsement of any particular event or organization. 
 DoD Product Support Manager Workshop 
 The DoD Product Support Manager Workshop will be heldSept. 11–13in the General Jacob E. Smart Conference Center at Joint Base Andrews, Md. Hosted by the Office of the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Product Support, this workshop will be a hybrid event, offering participants the option to attend either in-person or virtually. Join DoD product support managers, program managers, program systems engineers, their industry and academia counterparts, and their senior leaders as they discuss current issues and future initiatives, share lessons learned, and establish and maintain valuable networks.Register here. 
 GSOF Symposium Europe 
 The Global Special Operations Forces (GSOF) Symposium Europe will conveneOct. 1–3at the Incheba Expo Arena in Bratislava, Slovak Republic. This year’s event provides a platform for all stakeholders in the special operations community to come together, learn, expand networks, and explore business opportunities. Army Gen. Christopher G. Cavoli, Supreme Allied Commander Europe, is an invited speaker for the 2024 symposium.Register here. 
 International Workshop on Rapid System Prototyping 
 The 35th International Workshop on Rapid System Prototyping (RSP) will be heldOct. 3at the Sheraton Raleigh Hotel in Raleigh, N.C. The theme for the 35th symposium is “Shortening the Path from Specification to Prototype.” The RSP series of symposia bridges the gaps among embedded design tools and processes, engineering methods, and processes and tools to achieve RSP for actual software and hardware systems.href="https://conferences.imt-atlantique.fr/rsp-symposium/registration/" - Register here.
2024 Cipher Brief Threat Conference 
 The 2024 Threat Conference will take placeOct. 5–8at The Cloister at Sea Island in Sea Island, Ga. Join national leaders from government and the private sector as they engage in exercises and discussions on issues involving China, Taiwan, Ukraine, Russia, Quantum, artificial intelligence/machine learning, cyber, emerging tech, espionage, alliances, digital transformation, and foreign malign influence. Hear from conference speakers William Burns, director, Central Intelligence Agency (CIA); retired Army Gen. David Petraeus, former director, CIA; and retired Navy Adm. James Stavridis, former NATO Supreme Allied Commander.Register here. 
 IEEE International Integrated Reliability Workshop (IIRW) 
 The 2024 Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers International Integrated Reliability Workshop (IIRW) will conveneOct. 6–10at the Stanford Sierra Conference Center in Fallen Leaf Lake, Calif. Attendees will focus on ensuring electronic device reliability through fabrication, design, testing, characterization, and simulation, as well as identification of the defects and physical mechanisms responsible for reliability problems.Register here. 
 National Summit on Military Training, Modeling, and Simulation 
 The National Summit on Military Training, Modeling, and Simulation be heldOct. 7–8at the Doubletree by Hilton Orlando, East - University of Central Florida in Orlando, Fla. Join senior U.S. DoD leaders and NATO partners as they explore the evolution of defense training in immersive simulations replicating battlefield scenarios and advanced modeling techniques. Registrants will also delve into the technologies and strategies employed in preparing military personnel for the complexities of modern warfare. 
 Register here. 
 IEEE Vehicular Technology Conference 
 The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers and the Vehicular Technology Society will sponsor the 100th Vehicular Technology Conference (VTC2024-Fall)Oct. 7–10at the Ronald Reagan International Trade Center in Washington, D.C. This semiannual conference will bring together participants from academia, government, and industry to discuss and exchange ideas in the fields of wireless, mobile, and vehicular technology.Register here. 
 Pacific Defense Contracting Summit 
 The 2024 Pacific Defense Contracting Summit will be heldOct. 8–10at the Waikiki Beach Marriott Resort and Spa in Honolulu, Hawaii. The 2024 summit will provide congressional leaders and staff, military commanders, defense contractors, subcontractors, and small businesses nationwide and throughout the Pacific Region with the latest information on several issues: the Fiscal Year (FY) 2025 Defense Budget for U.S. defense in the Indo-Pacific Region; requirements and contracting priorities in the Indo-Pacific region; FY 2025 Navy funding for new Battle Force ships; and much more.Register here. 
 GovCon International Summit 
 The GovCon (Government Contractor) International Summit will take placeOct. 10at location to be announced. GovCon brings together government and industry speakers from across the globe, DoD, and the U.S. Combatant Commands to discuss how international partnerships, coalition warfare, and emerging technologies are reshaping the defense landscape. Other topics will include power projection, unity, technological innovation, and collaboration.Register here. 
 AUSA Annual Meeting and Exposition 
 The Association of the United States Army (AUSA) Annual Meeting will conveneOct. 14–16at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center in Washington, D.C. This year’s event will highlight the capabilities of U.S. Army organizations and present a wide range of industry products and services. Attend AUSA 2024 for relevant presentations on the State-of-the-Army, panel discussions, seminars on pertinent military and national security subjects, and a variety of networking events available to all.Register here. 
 IEEE International Symposium on Phased Array Systems and Technology (ARRAY) 
 The 2024 Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers International Symposium on Phased Array Systems and Technology (ARRAY) will be heldOct. 15 –18at the Hynes Convention Center in Boston, Mass. Current and future developments of ground-based, sea-based, airborne, and space-based phased array radar, communications, and other electronic systems will be examined at this international symposium.Register here. 
 AFLCMC CBM+ Stakeholder Summit 
 The 2024 Air Force Life Cycle Management Center Condition Based Maintenance Plus (CBM+) Stakeholder Summit will be heldOct. 16 –17in Kenney Hall Auditorium, Air Force Institute of Technology, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio. Agenda and registration information will be forthcoming. For questions, reach out to the event organizers atAFLCMC.CBM_Plus@us.af.mil. 
 Leading for Impact: Women in Leadership Conference 
 The 7th Annual Leading for Impact: Women in Leadership Conference and Award Ceremony will be heldOct. 17at the District Winery in Washington, D.C. This fall 2024 event will recognize the women who are making an impact through strong leadership, mentoring the next generation of women, and continually transforming the way technology is implemented through mission-focused strategic programs in the federal space. Also planned are keynote presentations, speaker spotlights, and panel discussions.Register here. 
 Systems and Mission Engineering Conference 
 The 27th Annual Systems and Mission Engineering Conference will be heldOct. 28–31at Hilton Norfolk The Main in Norfolk, Va. The theme for the conference will be “Digital Transformation Across the Life Cycle for Mission Success.” This conference is structured as an interactive forum for program managers, systems engineers, chief scientists, specialty engineers, and managers from industry, government, and academia as they explore ways for improving defense acquisition and system performance.Register here. 
 IEEE Military Communications Conference 
 The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers 42nd Military Communications Conference (MILCOM) will take placeOct. 28–Nov. 1at the Washington Hilton in Washington, D.C. MILCOM 2024 convenes military and government communications subject matter experts from around the globe to conduct in-depth discussions about the latest in technology advancements.Register here. 
 IEEE Industrial Electronics Society Conference 
 The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) will hold its 50th Annual IEEE Industrial Electronics Conference (IECON 2024)Nov. 3–6at the Sheraton Grand Chicago Riverwalk in Chicago, Ill. IECON 2024 focuses on industrial and manufacturing theory and applications of electronics, controls, communications, instrumentation, and computational intelligence.Register here. 
 IEEE International Conference on E-Learning in Industrial Electronics 
 The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Industrial Electronics Society will host the 11th IEEE International Conference on E-Learning in Industrial Electronics (ICELIE)Nov. 3–6at the Sheraton Grand Chicago Riverwalk in Chicago, Ill. ICELIE 2024 provides a forum for presentation and discussion of modern education and electronic learning methods for teaching in the broader field of industrial electronics. Attendees will examine E-Learning-oriented devices and networks; E-Learning technologies, tools, and platforms; online learning; mobile learning, teaching and training; hybrid learning; and much more. Registration portal is availablehere. 
 IEEE International Test Conference (ITC) 
 The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) will convene its International Test Conference (ITC 2024)Nov. 3–8at the Hilton San Diego Bayfront in San Diego, Calif. ITC 2024 is dedicated to the electronic test of devices, boards, and systems, covering the complete cycle from design verification, test, diagnosis, failure analysis, and back to process improvement. Learn how these challenges are being addressed by the combined efforts of academia, design tools, equipment designers, and test engineers.Register here. 
 IEEE International Conference on Green Energy and Smart Systems 
 The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) will host the 15th IEEE International Conference on Green Energy and Smart Systems (GESS)Nov. 4–5in Long Beach, Calif. (venue to be announced). GESS 2024 brings together researchers and practitioners from relevant fields to present and disseminate ongoing research on smart systems and green energy technology. Participants will focus on the application of machine learning and data science in smart systems and green energy technology.href="https://site.ieee.org/clas-sysc/call-for-papers/" - Register here.
INCOSE U.K.: Annual Systems Engineering Conference 
 The 2024 International Council on Systems Engineering (INCOSE) U.K. Annual Systems Engineering Conference (ASEC) will conveneNov. 5–6at the Edinburgh International Conference Centre in Edinburgh, Scotland. The theme for ASEC 2024 is “New Beginnings.” Join INCOSE members and systems engineering professionals from across the globe as they examine several topics, such as building on the past, systems engineering enabling a sustainable future, embracing inclusivity, and ensuring systems engineering quality.Register here. 
 Aircraft Survivability Symposium 
 The 2024 Aircraft Survivability Symposium will take placeNov. 5–7at the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, Calif. The theme for the 2024 symposium will be “The Future is Now: Ready, Set, Fight!” This year’s symposium will explore aircraft survivability and foster technical dialogue on design, operational experience, threats current and future, reliability, maintenance, and testing of aircraft survivability technologies. (Note: The 2024 Aircraft Survivability Symposium is classified SECRET/No Foreign Nationals). 
 Register here. 
 Technology and Transformation Summit 
 The 2024 Technology and Transformation Summit (TTS) will take placeNov. 6at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center in Washington, D.C. TTS 2024 will bring together government leaders and industry experts to discuss the transformation of mission delivery through IT innovation, personnel, security, and cloud technology.Register here. 
 IEEE World Technology Summit 
 The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) World Technology Summit will be heldNov. 12–14at the San Jose Convention Center in San Jose, Calif. The main focus of this conference is artificial intelligence infrastructure, including software, data storage, computing, communications, power and energy, standards, and security.Register here. 
 Veterans In Business Network National Conference 
 The 8th Annual Veterans in Business (VIB) Network National Conference will conveneNov. 13–14at the Paradise Point Resort and Spa in San Diego, Calif. This conference helps veteran businesses build connections between corporations, government agencies, and prime contractors looking to create partnerships for contracting opportunities.Register here. 
 Modern Warfare Week 2024 
 Modern Warfare Week 2024 will be heldNov. 19–22in the Iron Mike Conference Center at Fort Liberty, N.C. Modern Warfare Week convenes the Special Operations Forces (SOF) community to both educate and connect through discussions about the technology and future of warfare from an SOF perspective.Register here. 
 Electronic Warfare in a World Populated by Metasurfaces 
 The Association of Old Crows, an organization of individuals and organizations involved in Electronic Warfare (EW), will present a webinar onNov. 21entitled, “Electronic Warfare in a World Populated by Metasurfaces.” These platforms, which interact with electromagnetic waves, and the EW environment, which works as the communication channel, are electronically static. Reconfigurability is essentially performed by software modules and the radio hardware they control. This webinar describes how metasurfaces can add extra layers of dynamism to the core of the EW problem, including the platforms and the environment itself.Register here. 
 DoD Maintenance Symposium 
 The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment has approved DoD personnel to attend this year’s DoD Maintenance SymposiumDec. 10–13at the Salt Lake Palace Convention Center in Salt Lake City, Utah. This year’s theme is “Advancing the Sustainment Enterprise for Global Competitive Advantage.” The symposium is focused on the maintenance and sustainment of weapon systems and equipment. Public and private maintenance and sustainment professionals will discuss current issues and future initiatives, share lessons learned, establish and maintain valuable networks, and recognize the best DoD maintenance units.Register here. 
 DoD Weapon Systems Software Summit 
 The third annual DoD Weapon Systems Software Summit will conveneDec. 10–13, in conjunction with the DoD Maintenance Symposium, at the Salt Lake Palace Convention Center in Salt Lake City, Utah. This summit brings together stakeholders in the defense industrial base, Office of the Secretary of Defense, the military services, and academia to explore solutions to today’s software challenges. See the summit poster for additional information and a discounted registration fee (available to all summit attendees)here. 
 Read the full issue of 
 Defense Acquisitionmagazine 
 Defense Acquisition University 
 Headquarters: 
 9820 Belvoir Road 
 Fort Belvoir, VA 22060 
 (703) 805-3459 / (866)-568-6924 
 DAU Facebook IconDAU LinkedIn IconDAU YouTube Icon 
 Careers 
 Operational Status 
 Submit a Ticket 
 U.S. Office of Special Counsel 
 Notice & Disclaimers 
 No FEAR Act 
 USA.gov 
 FOIA 
 Accessibility 
 Anti Harassment Policy 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 Create Account 
 DAU AssistantAdobe Acrobat Reader|Download|Documents on this site require PDF reader installed

