Conference full name: Measurement and Modeling of Computer Systems (SIGMETRICS)

1. Website of SIGMETRICS_3: https://www.sigmetrics.org/sigmetrics2025/call_for_papers.html
Website information of SIGMETRICS_3:

ACMSIGMETRICS 2025 
 Stony Brook, New York, USA 
 June 9-13, 2025 
 Toggle navigationMenuHome 
 Registration 
 Organization 
 Program Committee 
 href="call_for_papers.html" - Call for Papers 
 Tutorials 
 href="accepted_papers.html" - Accepted Papers 
 Workshops 
 Mentoring Workshop 
 href="student_activities.html" - Student Research Competition (SRC) 
 Conference Sponsorship 
 Venue & Travel 
 Accommodation 
 Call for Papers 
 Overview 
 The 2025 ACM SIGMETRICS conference will be held atStony Brook University, New York, USA, on June 9-13 2025.We solicit papers on the design, modeling, measurement, and performance analysis of computer systems. A good submission typically focuses on a well-motivated problem in computer systems, proposes a principled solution using modeling, measurement, and performance analysis, and empirically validates the solution through simulations and/or implementation. The research may target systems in a broad range of domains, including networking, high-performance computing, machine learning, IoT, cloud, edge, multimedia, mobile, and cyber-physical systems. The work may target diverse system metrics such as latency, throughput, reliability, cost, accuracy, fairness, energy, and carbon footprint. 
  
 The conference presents papers that have been accepted to appear in the Proceedings of the ACM on Measurement and Analysis of Computing Systems (POMACS). There are multiple deadlines to submit your work in time for a presentation at the conference (see below). A panel of reviewers will consider all accepted and eligible papers for the Best Paper Awards and the Kenneth C. Sevcik Outstanding Student Paper Award. Additionally, a selection of the accepted papers, as identified by a panel of reviewers, may be nominated for publication as Research Highlights in the Communications of the ACM (CACM). 
 Topics 
 We solicit papers describing original and previously unpublished research. Specific topics of interest include, but are not limited to, the following. 
 Quantitative measurement, design and evaluation studies of: 
 Computer and communication networks, protocols and algorithms 
 Wireless, mobile, ad-hoc and sensor networks, IoT applications, and blockchain networks 
 Systems for machine learning, Machine learning for systems 
 Computer architectures, hardware accelerators, multi-core processors, memory systems and storage networks 
 High Performance Computing 
 Operating systems, file systems and databases 
 Virtualization, data centers, distributed and cloud computing, fog and edge computing 
 Mobile and personal computing systems 
 Energy-efficient and sustainable computing systems 
 Real-time and fault-tolerant systems 
 Security and privacy of computing and networked systems 
 Software systems and services, and enterprise applications 
 Social networks, metaverse, multimedia systems, Web services 
 Cyber-physical systems, including the smart grid 
 Quantum computing and communication 
 Methodologies, formalisms, metrics, solution techniques and algorithms for: 
 Machine learning, AI, Big data, data mining, graph analysis, optimization 
 Analytical modeling techniques and model validation 
 Workload characterization and benchmarking 
 Performance, scalability, power and reliability analysis 
 Sustainability analysis and power management 
 System measurement, performance monitoring and forecasting 
 Anomaly detection, problem diagnosis, and troubleshooting 
 Capacity planning, resource allocation, run-time management and scheduling 
 Experimental design, statistical analysis, simulation 
 Game theory, network economics, and platform design 
 Important Dates 
 There are three submission opportunities over the course of the year. 
 Summer submission website: | href="https://sigmetrics25summer.hotcrp.com" - sigmetrics25summer.hotcrp.com | Registration of abstract: | July 31, 2024 
 Paper submission: | August 7, 2024 
 Author notification: September 24, 2024 
 Fall submission website: | href="https://sigmetrics25fall.hotcrp.com" - sigmetrics25fall.hotcrp.com | Registration of abstract: | October 2, 2024 
 Paper submission: | October 9, 2024 
 Author notification: December 10, 2024 
 Winter submission website: | href="https://sigmetrics25winter.hotcrp.com" - sigmetrics25winter.hotcrp.com | Registration of abstract: | January 15, 2025 
 Paper submission: | January 22, 2025 
 Author notification: March 18, 2025 
 Deadlines are hard and at 23:59 AoE (Anywhere on Earth). 
 Papers may be submitted to any deadline and, upon acceptance, papers will be scheduled for publication in theProceedings of the ACM on Measurement and Analysis of Computing Systems(POMACS) and presentation at the ACM SIGMETRICS conference. The journal publication of accepted papers will appear in the issue of POMACS immediately following acceptance; i.e., papers that are accepted for the Summer and Fall deadlines will appear in POMACS before the conference. 
 Submission Instructions 
 Papers must be submitted electronically in printable pdf form via the submission site posted on this page. All submissions should satisfy the following requirements: 
 Soft Tracking | : SIGMETRICS uses "soft" tracking to better match reviewers with submitted papers and to more clearly define the scope of submissions. All submissions, regardless of the selected track, will be treated equally in terms of acceptance criteria and review guidelines. Authors must select a track from among the four listed on the submission website when submitting their paper. Optionally, a second track may be selected only for papers with a strong inter-disciplinary element. For authors who have difficulty selecting a track, the PC chairs will be available to provide advice. The four tracks adopted for SIGMETRICS 2025 (for all three deadlines) are: 
 Learning. | Papers in this track make progress on either (i) the design and analysis of machine learning and AI algorithms, broadly defined, or (ii) the application of tools from machine learning and AI, broadly defined, to the design, control, and optimization of computing, networked, social, or cyber-physical systems. The areas of interest include, but are not limited to, learning theory, online learning, reinforcement learning, deep learning, trustworthy learning (causality, fairness, privacy), and distributed learning, as well as their applications to systems. 
 Measurement & Applied Modeling. | Papers in this track make an empirical or applied contribution. They often either (i) draw significant insights from real or synthetic data through access to new data sources or experiments, or through novel analysis of existing data sources; and/or (ii) propose and apply a new model or simulation tool to capture real-world phenomena. Papers in this track may present general-purpose measurement or simulation methodologies, or may focus on a specific application domain, or a particular technology, and explain data obtained from measurements of that domain or technology. 
 Systems. | Papers in this track make a contribution to the design, implementation, and/or practical evaluation of computing, networked, social, or cyber-physical systems. A good submission to this track will make a contribution to the modeling and performance analysis of the system prior to empirical validation. The areas of interest include, but are not limited to networking, distributed systems computer architecture, wireless networks, edge/IoT applications, high-performance computing, cloud computing, energy efficiency, real-time and fault-tolerant computing, security and privacy, social networks,cyber-physical systems, and the smart grid. System papers with a strong machine learning and AI focus are encouraged to apply to the Learning track. 
 Theory. | Papers in this track make progress on existing theoretical problems, propose new ones, or introduce significant new analysis techniques. The areas of interest include but are not limited to stochastic processes & applied probability, graph theory, scheduling & resource allocation, queueing theory, caching theory, algorithms, mathematical optimization, control theory, market design & game theory, privacy & security, network science, and algorithmic fairness. 
 In addition to tracks, authors must select one or more topics from a list provided in the submission site. 
 The submission may have up to 20 pages, in single-column | acmsmall template format | , for technical content (including all tables and figures), plus unlimited pages for references. No changes to margins, spacing, or font sizes are allowed from those specified by the style files. Papers violating the formatting guidelines will be returned without review. Additionally, authors may supplement their paper with an appendix, whose length is not constrained. However it may only be used for the purpose of justifying the technical correctness of the claims stated in the body of the paper, e.g., a subset of the proofs or additional experimental validation. Note that the novelty of the submission will be judged based on the technical content of the paper and the reviewers are not obliged to read the appendix. 
 Reviewing is double anonymous (also known as double blind); please do NOT include your name or affiliation on the submission. Please refer to the anonymity guidelines below in the Policies section. 
 Authors must truthfully declare all conflicts with program committee members on the submission page. If a paper is found to have undeclared conflicts or has listed false conflicts, the paper may be rejected. Conflicts include shared institutional affiliations, collaborations (joint research, authorship, or funding) that occurred in the last 24 months before the selected submission deadline or are expected in the near future, past or current PhD student/supervisor relationships, and close personal or family relationships. 
 Authors are encouraged to conform to the inclusivity guidelines provided in the Diversity and Inclusiveness section below. 
 The Reviewing Process 
 Papers invited to present at the SIGMETRICS conference are journal papers accepted to the Proceedings of the ACM on Measurement and Analysis of Computing Systems (POMACS). The reviewing process for submissions is a hybrid of the traditional conference and journal models in computer science. There are three possible outcomes from the first round of submission: 
 Accept with Shepherding: | Every accepted paper will be shepherded in order to ensure that important suggestions from the reviewers are incorporated into the final version of the paper. 
 Reject: | If the paper is rejected it may not be resubmitted to any SIGMETRICS deadline within 12 months following the initial submission of the paper. 
 Resubmit: | For papers that are close to the acceptance threshold, but require a major revision prior to acceptance, the 12-month resubmission ban is waived and a resubmit option is offered. Authors may then resubmit a revision of the paper during one of the next three submission deadlines (this may fall into ACM SIGMETRICS 2026 deadlines). The revision will be treated the same as a new submission and may be reviewed by a different set of reviewers. 
 Policies 
 Anonymity guidelines: | ACM SIGMETRICS is double anonymous, meaning that authors should make a good-faith effort to anonymize their papers. As an author, you should not identify yourself in the paper either explicitly or by implication (e.g., through the references or acknowledgments). However, only non-destructive anonymization is required. For example, system names may be left un-anonymized, if the system name is important for a reviewer to be able to evaluate the work. Specifically, please take the following steps when preparing your submission: 
 Remove authors' names and affiliations from the title page. 
 Remove acknowledgment of identifying names and funding sources. 
 Use care in naming your files. Source file names, e.g., Joe.Smith.dvi, are often embedded in the final output as readily accessible comments. 
 Use care in referring to related work, particularly your own. Do not omit references to provide anonymity, as this leaves the reviewer unable to grasp the context. Instead, a good solution is to reference your past work in the third person, just as you would any other piece of related work. 
 If you need to reference another submission at ACM SIGMETRICS 2025 on a related topic, reference it as follows: "A related paper describes the design and implementation of our compiler [Anonymous 2025]." with the corresponding citation: "[Anonymous 2025] Under submission. Details omitted for double anonymous reviewing." 
 If you cite anonymous work, you should also send the deanonymized reference(s) to the PC chairs in a separate email. 
 Publication of a pre-submission version of the submission on your personal website, institutional archive, or the arXiv is allowed. We encourage the authors to do so as far away as possible from the submission deadline, as potential reviewers may be automatically notified (e.g., if subscribed to receive updates on recently posted papers). In addition, authors should take care not to widely broadcast information about their arXiv submission, for example, on social media forums or a general press release or large mailing lists where PC members in the recipient list or audience can easily identify the authors. 
 PC members and other reviewers are expected to not actively attempt to deanonymize papers. In either case, if there is a breach of double anonymous reviewing, the author and the reviewer should report it to the PC chairs. 
 For accepted papers, it is expected that the list of authors will not change between the last submission and the final camera-ready copy. 
 The paper must have a | substantive title and abstract | . Placeholders are not allowed after the registration deadline. Any submission that does not have a substantive title and abstract by the registration deadline will be rejected without further notice. 
 Submissions must present | original research | . However, previous publication of preliminary work as an extended abstract at a workshop is acceptable as long as the submission includes substantial new material. Further, in such cases, authors should (i) acknowledge their own previous workshop publications with an anonymous citation, and (ii) explain the differences between the SIGMETRICS submission and the prior workshop paper. A rule of thumb is that a prior workshop publication should be at most 6 pages long, not including references. 
 It is ACM policy not to allow | simultaneous submissions | , where the same paper is concurrently submitted to more than one conference/journal. Any simultaneous submissions detected will be immediately rejected from all conferences/journals involved, and the authors may be blacklisted if multiple such violations are detected, including across conference editions. It is considered a simultaneous submission for a paper that is being considered for a one-shot revision to be submitted to another conference/journal before being withdrawn from the SIGMETRICS process. This applies to all papers, i.e., even authors who wish to opt out of POMACS can only submit to a journal after they have received a decision from SIGMETRICS. 
 All accepted papers will undergo a shepherding process. The camera-ready paper must be approved by the shepherd for final publication prior to any upload to the ACM camera-ready management system. No unauthorized changes to the body of the paper or references are allowed in between shepherd approval and camera-ready upload. Violations will be investigated by the conference leadership and may lead to sanctions. 
 Authors have the option to "opt out" of publication in the ACM POMACS journal if they would like to publish their work in some other journal. Authors who choose this option must still present their work at the conference and undergo shepherding under the same terms as papers that will appear in ACM POMACS. Additionally, a 1-2 page extended abstract of the work must be included in Performance Evaluation Review. This abstract must contain a link to an online version of the full paper that will be maintained for at least 2 years. 
 For papers that decide to "opt out", an expedited review process of accepted papers will be provided by the following journals: ACM Transactions on Modeling and Performance Evaluation of Computer Systems Elsevier Performance Evaluation, INFORMS Operations Research, Stochastic Models, and Stochastic Systems. In each case, after you have notified the TPC Chairs of your decision, you should prepare your manuscript using the same preparation guidelines as standard papers for the journals, indicate in the cover letter that the paper was published at SIGMETRICS, and submit the paper with an authors' response to the SIGMETRICS reviews. Note that, in all cases, the paper will undergo a separate reviewing process within these journals, and acceptance at SIGMETRICS does not guarantee acceptance of the journal submission. 
 Papers accompanied by nondisclosure agreement forms will not be considered. All submissions will be treated as confidential prior to publication. Rejected submissions will be permanently treated as confidential. 
 To avoid any potential bias, the core conference organizers, including the General Chairs and Program Chairs, will not submit papers to any of the SIGMETRICS submission deadlines in this call for papers. PC members and other Organizing Committee members, however, are allowed to submit their papers. 
 Ethical Considerations 
 Papers describing experiments with users or user data (e.g., network traffic, passwords, social network information), should follow the basic principles of ethical research, e.g., beneficence (maximizing the benefits to an individual or to society while minimizing harm to the individual), minimal risk (appropriateness of the risk versus benefit ratio), voluntary consent, respect for privacy, and limited deception. When appropriate, authors are encouraged to include a subsection describing these issues. Authors may want to consult thehref="https://www.caida.org/publications/papers/2012/menlo_report_actual_formatted/" - Menlo
            Report
for further information on ethical principles, or thehref="https://conferences.sigcomm.org/imc/2007/papers/imc80.pdf" - Allman/Paxson IMC '07
            paper
for guidance on ethical data sharing. 
 Authors must, as part of the submission process, attest that their work complies with all applicable ethical standards of their home institution(s), including but not limited to privacy policies and policies on experiments involving humans. Note that submitting research for approval by one's institution's ethics review body is necessary, but not sufficient--in cases where the PC has concerns about the ethics of the work in a submission, the PC will have its own discussion of the ethics of that work. The PC's review process may examine the ethical soundness of the paper just as it examines the technical soundness. 
 As a published ACM author, you and your co-authors are subject to all ACM Publications Policies, including ACM's new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects. In particular, authors must follow the basic research and publication principle outlined by theACM Publication Board's Policies and Proceduresand theACM Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct. Relevant policies regarding the publication and review processes include ACM's policies on coercion and abuse in theACM publications process, and onplagiarism misrepresentation, and falsification. 
 Diversity and Inclusiveness 
 As part of our efforts at fostering diversity and inclusiveness, we provide the following guidelines to assist you when preparing your paper submission and/or your conference presentation. 
 Inclusivity Guidelines: Good technical writing often requires pedagogical examples to explain complex ideas. These provide an opportunity to promote inclusiveness by challenging implicit biases and assumptions.Avoid gender-specific pronouns if possible. Where required, consider interspersing a balance of male ("he", "his"), female ("she", "her"), and gender-neutral ("they", "their") ones. 
 Use gender-neutral names in examples. Instead of Alice and Bob, try Alex and Jun. Consider names that reflect a variety of cultural backgrounds: Esteban, Naveena, Sasha, Sergey, Tuan, Xin, and so on. 
 Refrain from assuming binary gender. For instance, the "gender" column in a table of data should have more than just "male" and "female" values. 
 Be mindful of people's diverse backgrounds. Not everyone has two parents. Not every marriage involves "husband" and "wife". Not everyone lives in a house, or has a car. 
 Accessibility Guidelines:Color and hearing perception varies from person to person depending on age color blindness, distance, visual acuity, etc. Make sure that the contents of your paper are accessible to all by considering the following:Use patterns, symbols, and textures to emphasize and contrast visual elements in graphs and figures rather than using colors alone. Graphs should be readable either in monochrome or color versions. 
 Use a color palette that is designed for visually-impaired or color-blind people. Avoid poor color combinations such as green/red or blue/purple. 

Contact the SIGMETRICS 2025 PC chairs athref="mailto:sigmetrics25tpcchairs@sigmetrics.org" - sigmetrics25tpcchairs@sigmetrics.org
in case of questions or concerns. 
 SIGMETRICS 2025 - Stony Brook, New York, USA - June 9-13, 2025href="https://twitter.com/ACMSigmetrics" -

2. Website of SIGMETRICS_3: https://www.sigmetrics.org/sigmetrics2025/
Website information of SIGMETRICS_3:

ACMSIGMETRICS 2025 
 Stony Brook, New York, USA 
 June 9-13, 2025 
 Toggle navigationMenuHome 
 Registration 
 Organization 
 Program Committee 
 href="call_for_papers.html" - Call for Papers 
 Tutorials 
 href="accepted_papers.html" - Accepted Papers 
 Workshops 
 Mentoring Workshop 
 href="student_activities.html" - Student Research Competition (SRC) 
 Conference Sponsorship 
 Venue & Travel 
 Accommodation 
 Welcome to the ACM SIGMETRICS 2025 Website! 
 The organizing committee is pleased to invite you to take part in ACM SIGMETRICS 2025 to be held at Stony Brook University, New York, USA. SIGMETRICS is the flagship conference of the ACM special interest group for the computer systems performance evaluation community. 
 News and Announcements 
 Mar 17, 2025: The Conference Registration is now available | href="https://sigmetrics.org/sigmetrics2025/registration.html" - here | . 
 Feb 14, 2025: TPC Mentoring Workshop page is now available | href="https://sigmetrics.org/sigmetrics2025/mentoring_workshop.html" - here | . 
 Feb 12, 2025: Workshops page is now live | href="https://sigmetrics.org/sigmetrics2025/workshops.html" - here | . 
 Jan 20, 2025: Tutorials' Tentative List is now available | href="https://sigmetrics.org/sigmetrics2025/tutorials.html" - here | . 
 Dec 20, 2024: Accommodation information is now available | href="https://sigmetrics.org/sigmetrics2025/accommodation.html" - here | . 
 Dec 18, 2024: | href="https://sigmetrics25winter.hotcrp.com/" - HotCRP portal | for winter submissions is now open. 
 Dec 18, 2024: List of accepted papers for the Fall deadline is online. 
 Nov 15, 2024: Visa Support Letter information has been added. Please find more information | href="https://sigmetrics.org/sigmetrics2025/venue_travel.html#visa_info" - here | . 
 Sept 25, 2024: The list of accepted papers for the Summer deadline is online. 
 Sept 13, 2024: The | href="https://sigmetrics25fall.hotcrp.com" - HotCRP portal | for fall submissions is now open. 
 July 24, 2024: The list of PC members is online. 
 July 10, 2024: The Call for Tutorials is online. 
 June 21, 2024: The Call for Papers is online. 
 Sponsors 
 We are grateful to the following organizations for sponsoring and supporting ACM SIGMETRICS 2025. 
 Silver 

SIGMETRICS 2025 - Stony Brook, New York, USA - June 9-13, 2025href="https://twitter.com/ACMSigmetrics" -

3. Website of SIGMETRICS_3: https://web.cvent.com/event/2DEF613B-B7F9-4A9A-A786-0D5CCBEE459C?environment=P2
Website information of SIGMETRICS_3:



4. Website of SIGMETRICS_3: https://noman-bashir.github.io/publications/
Website information of SIGMETRICS_3:

Noman BashirToggle navigationAbout 
 Publications(current) 
 href="/research_statement/" - Research Statement 
 CV 
 I broadly categorize my work into four areas: (i) sustainable computing, (ii) energy- and resource-efficient computer systems, (iii) societal systems, and (iv) energy systems. A unifying theme across these domains is the design of sustainable, efficient, and reliable applications on top of inherently unreliable system and resource dynamics under real-world constraints. 
 My research has been published in leading venues across computer systems and energy systems, including ASPLOS, EuroSys, SIGMETRICS/Performance, SoCC, SC, ICML, e-Energy, BuildSys, and HotCarbon. 
 Sustainable Computing 
 This work positions carbon footprint as a first-class metric in the design and operation of computer systems. It spans vision papers exploring what sustainability means for computing, metrics research on how to quantify and attribute carbon emissions, theoretical advances in designing algorithms for carbon-aware optimization, and systems work that develops the abstractions and infrastructure needed to deploy these optimizations. 
 SIGMETRICS 2025"Learning-Augmented Competitive Algorithms for Spatiotemporal Online Allocation with Deadline Constraints" --Adam Lechowicz, Nicolas Christianson, Bo Sun, Noman Bashir, Mohammad Hajiesmaili, Adam Wierman, and Prashant Shenoy --ACM SIGMETRICS,2025.arXivhref="/assets/pdf/Sigmetrics2025-SOAD.pdf" - PDF 
 MIT 2024"The Climate and Sustainability Implications of Generative AI" --Noman Bashir, Priya Donti, James Cuff, Sydney Sroka, Marija Ilic, Vivienne Sze, Christina Delimitrou, and Elsa Olivetti --An MIT Exploration of Generative AI,2024.PDF 
 SoCC 2024"The Sunk Carbon Fallacy: Rethinking Carbon Footprint Metrics for Effective Carbon-Aware Scheduling" --Noman Bashir, Varun Gohil, Mohammad Shahrad, David Irwin, Anagha B. Subramanya, Elsa Olivetti, and Christina Delimitrou --ACM Symposium on Cloud Computing (SoCC),2024.PDF 
 EuroSys 2024"On the Limitations of Carbon-Aware Temporal and Spatial Workload Shifting in the Cloud" --Thanathorn Sukprasert, Abel Souza, Noman Bashir, David Irwin, and Prashant Shenoy --European Conference on Computer Systems (EuroSys),2024.PDF 
 ASPLOS 2024"Going Green for Less Green: Optimizing the Cost of Reducing Cloud Carbon Emissions" --Walid Hanafy, Qianlin Liang, Noman Bashir, Abel Souza, David Irwin, and Prashant Shenoy --ACM International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS),2024.PDF 
 ICML 2024"Chasing Convex Functions with Long-term Constraints" --Adam Lechowicz, Nicolas Christianson, Bo Sun, Noman Bashir, Mohammad Hajiesmaili, Adam Wierman, and Prashant Shenoy --The International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML),2024.PDF 
 SIGMETRICS 2024"Online Conversion with Switching Costs: Robust and Learning-Augmented Algorithms" --Adam Lechowicz, Nicolas Christianson, Bo Sun, Noman Bashir, Mohammad Hajiesmaili, Adam Wierman, and Prashant Shenoy --ACM SIGMETRICS/IFIP PERFORMANCE Joint International Conference on Measurement and Modeling of Computer Systems (SIGMETRICS),2024.href="/assets/pdf/SIGMETRICS-2024-RORO.pdf" - PDF 
 SIGMETRICS 2024"CarbonScaler: Leveraging Cloud Workload Elasticity for Optimizing Carbon-Efficiency" --Walid Hanafy, Qianlin Liang, Noman Bashir, David Irwin, and Prashant Shenoy --ACM SIGMETRICS/IFIP PERFORMANCE Joint International Conference on Measurement and Modeling of Computer Systems (SIGMETRICS),2024.Awardedhref="/assets/pdf/SIGMETRICS-2024-CarbonScaler.pdf" - PDF
Best Student Paper Award. 
 SIGMETRICS 2024"The Online Pause and Resume Problem: Optimal Algorithms and An Application to Carbon-Aware Load Shifting" --Adam Lechowicz, Nicolas Christianson, Jinhang Zuo, Noman Bashir, Mohammad Hajiesmaili, Adam Wierman, and Prashant Shenoy --ACM SIGMETRICS/IFIP PERFORMANCE Joint International Conference on Measurement and Modeling of Computer Systems (SIGMETRICS),2024.href="/assets/pdf/SIGMETRICS-2024-DTPR.pdf" - PDF 
 e-Energy 2024"LACS: Learning-Augmented Algorithms for Carbon-Aware Resource Scaling with Uncertain Demand" --Roozbeh Bostandoost, Adam Lechowicz, Walid Hanafy, Noman Bashir, Prashant Shenoy, and Mohammad Hajiesmaili --ACM International Conference on Future and Sustainable Energy Systems (e-Energy),2024.PDF 
 e-Energy 2024"The Green Mirage: Impact of Location- and Market-based Carbon Intensity Estimation on Carbon Optimization Efficacy," --Diptyaroop Maji, Noman Bashir, David Irwin, Prashant Shenoy, and Ramesh K. Sitaraman --ACM International Conference on Future and Sustainable Energy Systems (e-Energy),2024.AwardedPDFBest Paper Award Runner Up. 
 e-Energy 2024"Short Paper– On the Implications of Choosing Average versus Marginal Carbon Intensity Signals on Carbon-aware Optimizations" --Thanathorn Sukprasert, Noman Bashir, Abel Souza, David Irwin, and Prashant Shenoy --ACM International Conference on Future and Sustainable Energy Systems (e-Energy),2024.AwardedPDFBest Notes Paper Award Nomination. 
 HotCarbon 2024"Data-driven Algorithm Selection for Carbon-Aware Scheduling" --Roozbeh Bostandoost, Walid A. Hanafy, Adam Lechowicz, Noman Bashir, Mohammad Hajiesmaili, and Prashant Shenoy --Workshop on Sustainable Computer Systems (HotCarbon),2024.PDF 
 ISEMV 2024"Scoping Sustainable Collaborative Mixed Reality" --Yasra Chandio, Noman Bashir, Tian Guo, Elsa Olivetti, and Fatima M. Anwar --IEEE International Symposium on Emerging Metaverse (ISEMV),2024.PDF 
 EDA 2024"Untangling Carbon-free Energy Attribution and Carbon Intensity Estimation for Carbon-aware Computing" --Diptyaroop Maji, Noman Bashir, David Irwin, Prashant Shenoy, and Ramesh K Sitaraman --ACM e-Energy International Workshop on Energy Data and Analytics (EDA),2024.PDF 
 ASPLOS 2023"Ecovisor: A Virtual Energy System for Carbon-Efficient Applications" --Abel Souza, Noman Bashir, Jorge Murillo, Walid Hanafy, Qianlin Liang, David E. Irwin, and Prashant J. Shenoy --ACM International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS),2023.arXivBibPDF@inproceedings{DBLP:conf/asplos/SouzaBMHL0S23,author={Souza, Abel and Bashir, Noman and Murillo, Jorge and Hanafy, Walid and Liang, Qianlin and Irwin, David E. and Shenoy, Prashant J.},editor={Aamodt, Tor M. and Jerger, Natalie D. Enright and Swift, Michael M.},title={Ecovisor: {A} Virtual Energy System for Carbon-Efficient Applications},booktitle={ACM International Conference on Architectural Support for Programming Languages and Operating Systems (ASPLOS)},pages={252--265},publisher={{ACM}},year={2023},url={https://doi.org/10.1145/3575693.3575709},doi={10.1145/3575693.3575709},timestamp={Tue, 21 Mar 2023 20:56:30 +0100},biburl={https://dblp.org/rec/conf/asplos/SouzaBMHL0S23.bib},bibsource={dblp computer science bibliography, https://dblp.org},rate={151/600 = 25\%},area={1}} 
 SoCC 2023"Carbon Containers: A System-level Facility for Managing Application-level Carbon Emissions," --John Thiede, Noman Bashir, David Irwin, and Prashant Shenoy --ACM Symposium on Cloud Computing (SoCC),2023.PDF 
 HotCarbon 2023"On the Promise and Pitfalls of Optimizing Embodied Carbon" --Noman Bashir, David Irwin, and Prashant Shenoy --Workshop on Sustainable Computer Systems (HotCarbon),2023.arXivPDF 
 HotCarbon 2023"The War of the Efficiencies: Understanding the Tension between Carbon and Energy Optimization" --Walid Hanafy, Roozbeh Bostandoost, Noman Bashir, David Irwin, Mohammad Hajiesmaili, and Prashant Shenoy --Workshop on Sustainable Computer Systems (HotCarbon),2023.arXivPDF 
 HotCarbon 2022"1 - Without the Hot Air" --Noman Bashir, David Irwin, Prashant J. Shenoy, and Abel Souza --Workshop on Sustainable Computer Systems (HotCarbon),2022.PDF 
 SoCC 2021"Enabling Sustainable Clouds: The Case for Virtualizing the Energy System" --Noman Bashir, Tian Guo, Mohammad Hajiesmaili, David Irwin, Prashant Shenoy, Ramesh Sitaraman, Abel Souza, and Adam Wierman --ACM Symposium on Cloud Computing (SoCC),2021.PDF 
 Energy- and Resource-Efficient Computer Systems 
 This body of work addresses core computer systems challenges, focusing on improving energy and resource efficiency across the computing stack—from edge devices to on-premise infrastructure to the cloud. It adopts both the user’s and the cloud operator’s perspectives, with a central theme of navigating trade-offs between performance metrics and the energy or resources required to achieve them. 
 e-Energy 2023"Jointly Managing Electrical and Thermal Energy in Solar- and Battery-powered Computer Systems" --Noman Bashir, Yasra Chandio, David Irwin, Fatima M. Anwar, Jeremy Gummeson, and Prashant Shenoy --ACM International Conference on Future and Sustainable Energy Systems (e-Energy),2023.PDF 
 IoTDI 2023"Dělen: Enabling Flexible and Adaptive Model-serving for Multi-tenant Edge AI" --Qianlin Liang, Walid Hanafy, Noman Bashir, Ahemd Ali-Eldin, David Irwin, and Prashant Shenoy --ACM/IEEE Conference on Internet of Things Design and Implementation (IoTDI),2023.PDF 
 SEC 2023"Energy Time Fairness: Balancing Fair Allocation of Energy and Time for GPU Workloads" --Qianlin Liang, Walid Hanafy, Noman Bashir, David Irwin, and Prashant Shenoy --ACM/IEEE Symposium on Edge Computing (SEC),2023.PDF 
 Performance 2023"WattScope: Non-intrusive Application-level Power Disaggregation in Datacenters" --Xiaoding Guan, Noman Bashir, David Irwin, and Prashant Shenoy --IFIP International Symposium on Computer Performance, Modeling, Measurements and Evaluation (Performance),2023.PDF 
 ICPE 2023"Is Sharing Caring? Analyzing the Incentives for Shared Cloud Clusters" --Talha Mehboob, Noman Bashir, Michael Zink, and David Irwin --ACM/SPEC International Conference on Performance Engineering (ICPE),2023.AwardedPDFBest Paper Award Finalist 
 EuroSys 2021"Take it to the Limit: Peak Prediction-driven Resource Overcommitment in datacenters" --Noman Bashir, Nan Deng, Krzysztof Rzadca, David Irwin, Sree Kodak, and Rohit Jnagal --European Conference on Computer Systems (EuroSys),2021.PDF 
 SoCC 2021"Good Things Come to Those Who Wait: Optimizing Job Waiting in the Cloud" --Pradeep Ambati, Noman Bashir, David Irwin, and Prashant J. Shenoy --ACM Symposium on Cloud Computing (SoCC),2021.PDF 
 TPDS 2021"Modeling and Analyzing Waiting Policies for Cloud-Enabled Schedulers" --Pradeep Ambati, Noman Bashir, David Irwin, and Prashant Shenoy --IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems (TPDS),2021.PDF 
 SC 2020"Waiting Game: Optimally Provisioning Fixed Resources for Cloud-enabled Schedulers" --Pradeep Ambati, Noman Bashir, David Irwin, and Prashant J. Shenoy --Supercomputing,2020.PDF 
 IC2E 2020"Invited Paper– Hedge Your Bets: Optimizing Long-term Cloud Costs by Mixing VM Purchasing Options" --Pradeep Ambati, Noman Bashir, David Irwin, Mohammad Hajiesmaili, and Prashant Shenoy --IEEE International Conference on Cloud Engineering (IC2E),2020.PDF 
 Decarbonizing Societal-Scale Systems 
 This work aims to accelerate the decarbonization of key societal sectors—including the electric grid, residential buildings, and transportation—through data-driven optimization, incentive design, and algorithmic innovation. A central focus is ensuring that decarbonization efforts are implemented in an equitable and fair manner. 
 e-Energy 2025"Lost in Siting: The Hidden Carbon Cost of Inequitable Residential Solar Installations" --Cooper Sigrist, Adam Lechowicz, Jovan Champ, Noman Bashir, and Mohammad Hajiesmaili --ACM International Conference on Future and Sustainable Energy Systems (e-Energy),2025.PDF 
 e-Energy 2024"A Holistic Approach for Equity-aware Carbon Reduction of the Ridesharing Platforms" --Mahsa Sahebdel, Ali Zeynali, Noman Bashir, Prashant Shenoy, and Mohammad Hajiesmaili --ACM International Conference on Future and Sustainable Energy Systems (e-Energy),2024.PDF 
 BuildSys 2024"Short Paper– Examining the Adoption of Electromobility Concepts Across Social Contexts for Energy Transition" --Julia Köhlke, Adam Lechowicz, Oluwole Fabikun, Noman Bashir, Abel Souza, Prashant Shenoy, and Sebastian Lehnhoff --ACM International Conference on Systems for Energy-Efficient Buildings, Cities, and Transportation (BuildSys),2024.PDF 
 e-Energy 2023"Equitable Network-Aware Decarbonization of Residential Heating at City Scale" --Adam Lechowicz, Noman Bashir, John Wamburu, Mohammad Hajiesmaili, and Prashant J. Shenoy --ACM International Conference on Future and Sustainable Energy Systems (e-Energy),2023.PDF 
 IGSC 2023"No Free Lunch: Analyzing the Cost of Deep Decarbonizing Residential Heating Systems" --Anupama Sitaraman, Noman Bashir, David Irwin, and Prashant Shenoy --International Green & 1 Conference (IGSC),2023.AwardedPDFBest Student Paper Award 
 EIR 2023"Analyzing the Impact of Decarbonizing Residential Heating on the Electric Distribution Grid" --John Wamburu, Noman Bashir, David Irwin, and Prashant Shenoy --SIGENERGY Energy Informatics Review (EIR),2023.PDF 
 EIR 2022"Equity-Aware Decarbonization of Residential Heating Systems" --John Wamburu, Noman Bashir, Emma Grazier, David Irwin, Christine Crago, and Prashant Shenoy --SIGENERGY Energy Informatics Review (EIR),2022.PDF 
 BuildSys 2022"Data-driven Decarbonization of Residential Heating Systems" --John Wamburu, Noman Bashir, David Irwin, and Prashant J. Shenoy --ACM International Conference on Systems for Energy-Efficient Buildings, Cities, and Transportation (BuildSys),2022.PDF 
 COMPASS 2020"Extend: A Framework for Increasing Energy Access by Interconnecting Solar Home Systems" --Santiago Correa, Noman Bashir, Andrew Tran, David Irwin, and Jay Taneja --ACM SIGCAS Conference on Computing and Sustainable Societies (COMPASS),2020.PDF 
 Energy Systems 
 This work focuses on enhancing the reliability, scalability, and efficiency of networked energy systems. A key objective is to improve the programmability of energy system components, enabling more flexible and intelligent control. Building on this foundation, the work applies techniques from distributed systems and software-defined networking to optimize system operations. 
 IGSC 2021"A Probabilistic Approach to Committing Solar Energy in Day-ahead Electricity Markets" --Noman Bashir, David Irwin, and Prashant J. Shenoy --International Green and 1 Conference (IGSC),2021.PDF 
 TCPS 2021"Model-driven Per-panel Solar Anomaly Detection for Residential Arrays" --Menghong Feng, Noman Bashir, Prashant Shenoy, David Irwin, and Beka Kosanovic --ACM Transaction Cyber-Physical Systems (TCPS),2021.PDF 
 COMPASS 2020"Short Paper– SunDown: Model-driven Per-Panel Solar Anomaly Detection for Residential Arrays" --Menghong Feng, Noman Bashir, Prashant J. Shenoy, David Irwin, and Dragoljub Kosanovic --ACM SIGCAS Conference on Computing and Sustainable Societies (COMPASS),2020.PDF 
 BuildSys 2020"DeepSnow: Modeling the Impact of Snow on Solar Generation" --Noman Bashir, David Irwin, and Prashant J. Shenoy --ACM International Conference on Systems for Energy-Efficient Buildings, Cities, and Transportation (BuildSys),2020.PDF 
 MASS 2019"Invited Paper– Solar-TK: A Data-Driven Toolkit for Solar PV Performance Modeling and Forecasting" --Noman Bashir, Dong Chen, David Irwin, and Prashant J. Shenoy --IEEE International Conference on Mobile Ad Hoc and Sensor Systems (MASS),2019.PDF 
 BuildSys 2018"Helios: A Programmable Software-defined Solar Module" --Noman Bashir, David Irwin, and Prashant J. Shenoy --ACM International Conference on Systems for Energy-Efficient Buildings, Cities, and Transportation (BuildSys),2018.PDF 
 BuildSys 2017"Enforcing Fair Grid Energy Access for Controllable Distributed Solar Capacity" --Noman Bashir, David Irwin, Prashant J. Shenoy, and Jay Taneja --ACM International Conference on Systems for Energy-Efficient Buildings, Cities, and Transportation (BuildSys),2017.PDF 
 © Copyright 2025 Noman Bashir. Powered byJekylland hosted byGitHub Pages.

