Conference full name: International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG)

1. Website of SoCG_3: https://socg25.github.io/socg.html
Website information of SoCG_3:

Processing math: 100% 
 href="index.html" - CG Week 2025
Home 
 Program 
 href="socg.html" - SoCG 
 YRF 
 Challenge 
 Media 
 Workshops 
 Awards 
 Registration 
 Practicalities 
 Call for Papers: The 41st SoCG - June 23-27, 2025 
 The 41st International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2025) is planned to be held in Kanazawa, Japan, June 23–27, 2025, as part of the Computational Geometry (CG) Week. We invite high quality submissions that describe original research on computational problems in a geometric and/or topological setting. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to: 
 Design, analysis, and implementation of geometric algorithms and data structures; 
 Computational complexity of geometric problems; 
 Implementation and experimental evaluation of geometric algorithms and heuristics, including mathematical, numerical, and algebraic aspects; 
 Discrete and combinatorial geometry; 
 Computational topology, topological data analysis, and topological combinatorics; 
 Applications of computational geometry or topology in any field. 
 Important Dates 
 November 26, 2024 (Tuesday): | Abstracts and paper registration due (23:59 AoE (anywhere on Earth)) 
 December 3, 2024 (Tuesday): | Papers due (23:59 AoE (anywhere on Earth)) 
 February 6, 2025 (Thursday): | Notification of acceptance/rejection 
 April 11, 2025 (Friday)mid March 2025: | Final versions of accepted papers due 
 June 23–27, 2025: | Symposium 
 SoCG 2025 Conference Webpage 
 href="http://socg25.github.io/" - http://socg25.github.io/
SoCG 2025 HotCRP Submission Webpage 
 href="https://socg25.hotcrp.com/" - https://socg25.hotcrp.com/
Code of conduct 
 SoCG is dedicated to providing an environment that is free from harassment, bullying, discrimination, and retaliation for all participants. Starting in 2025, CG Week including SoCG will be organized as an event of theCG Society. All members of the Society are bound by itsCode of Conduct. Only members of the Society can give a presentation and hence at least one author of each accepted paper must become a member of the Society. Society membership is free. 
 Submission Guidelines 
 Paper types | When writing or evaluating a SoCG paper, it is important to keep in mind that there are different types of contributions, each with its own strengths. To ensure that a submission is evaluated on its own merits, authors will need to identify the main strengths of their submission, as captured by four possible paper types. PC members and external reviewers will be asked to take into account these paper types together with their associated evaluation criteria when they evaluate a paper. There are no quotas for the paper types and submissions can be labeled with more than one paper type at the time of submission. | Mathematical Foundations: | A typical paper will contain theorems and proofs describing new results in discrete or combinatorial geometry, discrete differential geometry or topology, or in topological combinatorics. The paper will primarily be evaluated on its technical depth, the importance of the results, the elegance of the solution, the connection of the problem studied to computational geometry and topology, and the potential future impact on algorithm development. 
 Algorithmic Complexity: | A typical paper will contain algorithms, data structures, theorems, proofs, or lower bound constructions describing new results on computational geometry problems. The paper will primarily be evaluated on the (mathematical or computational) relevance and importance of the problem studied, its technical depth, the elegance of the solution, and the potential future impact of the results or the proposed new methods and techniques. 
 Experiments and Implementation: | A typical paper will make a clear contribution to the implementation and evaluationp of geometric algorithms, such as exact, approximate, or algebraic computation, algorithms engineering, or the experimental evaluation of competing algorithmic approaches. The paper will primarily be evaluated on the completeness and the expected impact of the proposed implementation, the soundness of the experiments, the quality and quantity of testing, and on the general amount of knowledge gained. 
 Applications: | A typical paper will describe the modeling and algorithmic choices made when developing or adapting computational geometry techniques for an application area. The paper will be primarily evaluated on the soundness of the modeling decisions, the ingenuity of the solution, the effectiveness of the proposed method, and the expected impact in the application area. One might also consider the lesson learned regarding the applicability or suitability of computational geometry tools to the specific area. 
 Double Blind and PC submissions | SoCG will employ a lightweight double-blind reviewing process, and will allow PC members (other than the PC chairs) to submit to the conference as well. Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. In particular, authors' names, affiliations, funding information, and email addresses should not appear in the submission. Authors should ensure that any references to their own related work is in the third person (e.g., not "We build on our previous work ..." but rather "We build on the work of ..."). Particular care needs to be taken if there is any accompanying software or data, which needs to be linked anonymously (for example, via a DropBox anonymous folder orAnonymous GitHub, perhaps with a subset of synthetic data if the real data is not anonymized). Upon registering a submission, the authors will declare conflicts of interest with PC members, as well as listing email address or domain level conflicts (i.e. “Haitao Wang (University of Utah)”, “All (Graz University of Technology)”) of other professional or personal conflicts. This includes past advisors and students, people with the same affiliation, and any recent/frequent coauthors and collaborators. Please refer to thehref="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QNR3JUe_DimGP79EbcmayUi7I3obiTdxAIzXMFxaCfI/pub" - SoCG 2025 Conflict of Interest Guidelines
for a detailed discussion of possible conflicts of interest. | The purpose of lightweight double-blind reviewing is to help PC members and external reviewers come to an initial judgment about the paper without bias, not to make it impossible for them to discover the authors if they were to try. Authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web, submit them to arXiv, and give talks on their research ideas. We encourage authors with further questions on double-blind reviewing to contact the PC chairs, or to see the more detailed discussion inthe proposalthat preceded the vote to move to double blind. 
 Format | Submissions must be formatted in accordance with theLIPIcs proceedings guidelines. Authors are required to use the LaTeX class filehref="https://computational-geometry.org/documents/socg-lipics-v2021.cls" - socg-lipics-v2021.cls
(V0.9, Sep 19, 2022), with the option “anonymous”; note that the class file is a wrapper around the standard LIPIcs class. The LIPIcs style and instructions are availablehref="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/5#author" - here
; the SoCG class file is availablehref="https://computational-geometry.org/documents/socg-lipics-v2021.cls" - here
, and instructions on how to use it are availablehere. Submissions must not exceed 500 lines, excluding front matter (title), references, and a clearly marked appendix (further described below), but including all other lines (in abstract, algorithms, tables, captions, etc.). The class files provide line counting which should be accurate in most cases. Authors should refrain from putting excessive amounts of text in parts in which lines are not counted automatically. If authors need constructs that contain uncounted lines of text, they should compensate for this by reducing the final line count accordingly. It is the sole responsibility of the authors not to exceed 500 lines even if some lines are not counted automatically. 
 Contents of the submission | Papers should be submitted in the form of an extended abstract, which begins with the title of the paper, as well as a short abstract. This should be followed by the main body of the paper that begins with a precise statement of the problem considered, a succinct summary of the results obtained (emphasizing the significance, novelty, and potential impact of the research), and a clear comparison with related work. The remainder of the extended abstract should provide sufficient details to allow the program committee to evaluate the validity, quality, and relevance of the contribution. Clarity of presentation is very important; the entire extended abstract should be written carefully, taking into consideration that it will be read and evaluated by both experts and non-experts, often under tight time constraints. | In addition, authors are asked to avoid "et al." in citations in favor of an equal mention of all authors' surnames. For instance, if the number of authors is large, consider writing "The authors in [#] show" instead of "A et al. [#] show". 
 Appendix and additional data | All details needed to verify the results must be provided. Supporting materials, including proofs of theoretical claims and experimental details, that do not fit in the 500-line limit should be given in an appendix. If more appropriate, the full version may be given as the appendix. In both cases, however, the authors should include in the main part specific pointers to the relevant locations in the appendix. The appendix will be read by the program committee members and subreviewers at their discretion and will not be published as part of the proceedings. Thus, the paper without the appendix should be able to stand on its own. Experimental and implementation results (independent of paper type) must be reproducible and verifiable. Authors of all types of papers are encouraged to put accompanying software and relevant data, if there is any, in a repository accessible to the reviewers. 
 Previous or simultaneous submissions | Results previously published or accepted for publication in the proceedings of another conference cannot be submitted. Simultaneous submissions of the results to another conference with published proceedings are not allowed. Exempted are workshops and conferences without formal proceedings, but possibly with handouts containing short abstracts. In particular, submissions of papers that have appeared or will be submitted to EuroCG are allowed, since EuroCG does not publish formal proceedings, while submissions of papers that have appeared in CCCG are not allowed. Results that have already been accepted (with or without revision) for publication in a journal at the time of their submission to the symposium are not allowed. 
 Strict guidelines | Submissions deviating from the above guidelines risk being rejected without further consideration. 
 Guidelines for reviewers | The guidelines for reviewers are availablehref="https://computational-geometry.org/documents/socg-reviewing.pdf" - here
. 
 Accepted Papers 
 Presentation | An author of each accepted paper is expected to attend the symposium and present the paper (approximately 20 minutes). Note that SoCG 2025 will be organized as an event of theCG Societyand hence the presenting author(s) must be a member of the Society. Society membership is free. 
 Best paper award | An accepted paper may be selected as the best paper. All papers are eligible. | Best student paper award | An accepted paper may be selected as the best student paper. A paper is eligible if all authors are students at the time of submission. This must be indicated in the submission process. There is a box provided for this purpose on the submission server. | Best student presentation award | Based on the feedback from the audience, a presentation during the symposium by a student may be selected as the best student presentation. | In exceptional cases, each of these awards may be granted to more than one paper/presentation. 
 Invited papers and special issues | Authors of the best paper will be invited to submit an extended version of their paper to theJournal of the ACM, and authors of one (or more) most highly ranked papers may be invited to submit their full paper to the journalTheoretiCS. Authors of a selection of accepted papers from the symposium will be invited to submit extended versions of their papers to special issues ofDiscrete & Computational GeometryandJournal of Computational Geometry. 
 Format | Final proceedings versions of accepted papers must respect the same formatting constraints as the submissions (href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/5#author" - LIPIcs proceedings format
withhref="https://computational-geometry.org/documents/socg-lipics-v2021.cls" - socg-lipics-v2021
; 500-line limit, excluding front matter and references), but must not comprise any appendix. If any supporting material (including complete proofs of theoretical claims and experimental details) does not fit in the specified limit, then the full version of the paper containing this information must be referenced in the conference version and made available at a public repository, such asarXiv, by the time the final version is submitted. Where applicable, we encourage the authors to make accompanying software and/or data publicly accessible, with proper references in the paper. 
 Program Committee 
 Mikkel Abrahamsen, University of Copenhagen 
 Oswin Aichholzer, Graz University of Technology (co-chair) 
 Hugo Akitaya, University of Massachusetts Lowell 
 Mark de Berg, Eindhoven University of Technology 
 Sujoy Bhore, Indian Institute of Technology Bombay 
 Ahmad Biniaz, University of Windsor 
 Håvard Bakke Bjerkevik, SUNY Albany 
 Gerth Stølting Brodal, Aarhus University 
 Hsien-Chih Chang, Dartmouth College 
 Siu-Wing Cheng, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology 
 Vida Dujmović, University of Ottawa 
 David Eppstein, University of California, Irvine 
 Emily Fox, University of Texas at Dallas 
 Jie Gao, Rutgers University 
 Dan Halperin, Tel Aviv University 
 Tao Hou, University of Oregon 
 Francis Lazarus, Université Grenoble Alpes 
 Chih-Hung Liu, National Taiwan University 
 Daniel Lokshtanov, University of California Santa Barbara 
 Anna Lubiw, University of Waterloo 
 Amir Nayyeri, Oregon State University 
 Eunjin Oh, Pohang University of Science and Technology 
 Tim Ophelders, Utrecht University and TU Eindhoven 
 Irene Parada, UPC BarcelonaTech 
 Rahul Saladi, Indian Institute of Science 
 Patrick Schnider, University of Basel and ETH Zürich 
 Raimund Seidel, Saarland University 
 Don Sheehy, North Carolina State University 
 Shakhar Smorodinsky, Ben-Gurion University 
 Jonathan Spreer, University of Sydney 
 Takeshi Tokuyama, Kwansei Gakuin University 
 Torsten Ueckerdt, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology 
 Pavel Valtr, Charles University 
 Kasturi Varadarajan, University of Iowa 
 Haitao Wang, University of Utah (co-chair) 
 Jinhui Xu, University at Buffalo 
 Jie Xue, New York University Shanghai 
 List of Accepted Papers 
 Rapid mixing of the flip chain over non-crossing spanning trees | Konrad Anand (School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh); Weiming Feng (ETH Zürich); Graham Freifeld, Heng Guo (School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh); Mark Jerrum (Queen Mary, University of London); Jiaheng Wang (University of Regensburg) 
 An 11/6-Approximation Algorithm for Vertex Cover on String Graphs | Édouard Bonnet (CNRS); Paweł Rzążewski (Warsaw University of Technology) 
 On the Twin-Width of Smooth Manifolds | Édouard Bonnet (CNRS, ENS de Lyon); Kristóf Huszár (Graz University of Technology) 
 Certifying that a knot is composite | Alexander He (Oklahoma State University); Eric Sedgwick (DePaul University); Jonathan Spreer (The University of Sydney) 
 When alpha-complexes collapse onto codimension-1 submanifolds | Dominique Attali (Gipsa lab and CNRS); Mattéo Clémot (LIRIS and CNRS); Bianca Boeira Dornelas (Graz University of Technology - TU Graz); André Lieutier 
 Simplification of Trajectory Streams | Siu-Wing Cheng, Haoqiang Huang (Hong Kong University of Science and Technology); Le Jiang (University of Science and Technology of China) 
 A PTAS for TSP with Neighbourhoods Over Parallel Line Segments | Benyamin Ghaseminia, Mohammad R. Salavatipour (University of Alberta) 
 A Sparse Multicover Bifiltration of Linear Size | Ángel Javier Alonso (Graz University of Technology) 
 On Spheres with k Points Inside | Herbert Edelsbrunner (Institute of Science and Technology Austria); Alexey Garber (University of Texas Rio Grande Valley); Morteza Saghafian (Institute of Science and Technology Austria) 
 On Approximability ofℓ22Min-Sum Clustering | Karthik C. S. (Rutgers University); Euiwoong Lee (University of Michigan); Yuval Rabani (Hebrew University); Chris Schwiegelshohn (Aarhus University); Samson Zhou (Texas A&M University) 
 Signotopes with few plus signs | Helena Bergold (FU Berlin); Lukas Egeling (ETH Zurich); Hung Hoang (TU Wien) 
 Small triangulations of 4-manifolds: Introducing the 4-manifold census | Rhuaidi Antonio Burke, Benjamin Burton (The University of Queensland); Jonathan Spreer (The University of Sydney) 
 Recognizing 2-Layer and Outer k-Planar Graphs | Yasuaki Kobayashi (Hokkaido University); Yuto Okada (Nagoya University); Alexander Wolff (Universität Würzburg) 
 A Minor-Testing Approach for Coordinated Motion Planning with Sliding Robots | Eduard Eiben (Royal Holloway, University of London); Robert Ganian (TU Wien); Iyad Kanj (DePaul University); M. S. Ramanujan (University of Warwick) 
 Reconfiguration of unit squares and disks: PSPACE-hardness in simple settings | Mikkel Abrahamsen (University of Copenhagen); Kevin Buchin (TU Dortmund); Maike Buchin (Ruhr University Bochum); Linda Kleist (Universität Potsdam); Maarten Löffler (Utrecht University); Lena Schlipf (Universität Tuebingen); Andre Schulz (University of Hagen); Jack Stade (University of Copenhagen) 
 Snap Rounding: A Cautionary Tale | John Hershberger (Siemens) 
 A Linear Time Algorithm for the Maximum Overlap of Two Convex Polygons Under Translation | Timothy M. Chan (UIUC); Isaac M. Hair (UCSB) 
 Banana Trees for the Persistence in Time Series Experimentally | Lara Ost (University of Vienna); Sebastiano Cultrera di Montesano (Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard); Herbert Edelsbrunner (Institute of Science and Technology Austria) 
 Finding a Shortest Curve that Separates Few Objects from Many | Therese Biedl (University of Waterloo); Éric Colin de Verdière (CNRS, Laboratoire d'Informatique Gaspard Monge, Marne-la-Vallée); Fabrizio Frati (Università di Roma Tre); Anna Lubiw (University of Waterloo); Günter Rote (Freie Universität Berlin) 
 Uniform Bounds on Product Sylvester-Gallai Configurations | Abhibhav Garg, Rafael Oliveira, Akash Kumar Sengupta (University of Waterloo) 
 Incremental Planar Nearest Neighbor Queries with Optimal Query Time | John Iacono (Université libre de Bruxelles); Yakov Nekrich (Michigan Technological University) 
 Hard diagrams of split links | Corentin Lunel (Inria d'Université Côte d'Azur); Arnaud de Mesmay (CNRS, LIGM, Université Gustave Eiffel); Jonathan Spreer (The University of Sydney) 
 The Fréchet Distance Unleashed: Approximating a Dog with a Frog | Sariel Har-Peled (University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign); Benjamin Raichel (University of Texas at Dallas); Eliot Robson (University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign) 
 Tracking the Persistence of Harmonic Chains: Barcode and Stability | Tao Hou (University of Oregon); Salman Parsa (DePaul University); Bei Wang (University of Utah) 
 Tiling with Three Polygons is Undecidable | Erik Demaine (MIT); Stefan Langerman (Universite libre de Bruxelles (ULB)) 
 On Zarankiewicz's Problem for Intersection Hypergraphs of Geometric Objects | Timothy M. Chan (UIUC); Chaya Keller (Ariel University); Shakhar Smorodinsky (Ben Gurion University of the NEGEV) 
 Steinhaus Filtration and Stable Paths in the Mapper | Dustin L Arendt (Pacific Northwest National Laboratory); Matthew Broussard (TD Bank USA); Bala Krishnamoorthy (Washington State University); Nathaniel Saul (Stripe USA); Amber Thrall (Washington State University) 
 The Erdős-Szekeres Conjecture revisited | Martin Balko (Charles University); Jineon Baek (University of Michigan) 
 Lipschitz Decompositions of FiniteℓpMetrics | Robert Krauthgamer, Nir Petruschka (Weizmann Institute of Science) 
 Single-Source Shortest Path Problem in Weighted Disk Graphs | Shinwoo An, Eunjin Oh (POSTECH); Jie Xue (NYU Shanghai) 
 On Sparse Covers of Minor Free Graphs, Low Dimensional Metric Embeddings, and other applications | Arnold Filtser (Bar-Ilan University) 
 Levels in arrangements: linear relations, the g-matrix, and applications to crossing numbers | Elizaveta Streltsova, Uli Wagner (Institute of Science and Technology Austria (ISTA)) 
 When Distances Lie: Euclidean Embeddings in the Presence of Outliers and Distance Violations | Matthias Bentert, Fedor Fomin, Petr A. Golovach (University of Bergen); M. S. Ramanujan (University of Warwick); Saket Saurabh (IMSc) 
 Range Counting Oracles for Geometric Problems | Anne Driemel (University of Bonn); Morteza Monemizadeh (Eindhoven University of Technology); Eunjin Oh (POSTECH); Frank Staals (Utrecht University); David P. Woodruff (Carnegie Mellon University) 
 Sparsification of the Generalized Persistence Diagrams for Scalability through Gradient Descent | Mathieu Carrière (Centre Inria d´Universite Cote d´Azur); Seunghyun Kim, Woojin Kim (KAIST) 
 Super-Polynomial Growth of the Generalized Persistence Diagram | Donghan Kim, Woojin Kim, Wonjun Lee (KAIST) 
 The maximum number of digons formed by pairwise intersecting pseudocircles | Eyal Ackerman (University of Haifa); Gábor Damásdi, Balázs Keszegh (ELTE, Alfréd Rényi Institute of Mathematics); Rom Pinchasi (Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, EPFL); Rebeka Raffay (EPFL) 
 Higher-Order Color Voronoi Diagrams and the Colorful Clarkson-Shor Framework | Sang Won Bae (Kyonggi University); Nicolau Oliver (Università della Svizzera italiana,); Evanthia Papadopoulou (Università della Svizzera italiana) 
 The Point-Boundary Art Gallery Problem is ∃R-hard | Jack Stade (University of Copenhagen) 
 Optimal Motion Planning for Two Square Robots in a Rectilinear Environment | Pankaj K Agarwal (Duke University); Mark de Berg (Department of Mathematics and Computer Science, Eindhoven University of Technology, Eindhoven, The Netherlands); Benjamin Holmgren, Alex Steiger (Department of Computer Science, Duke University); Martijn Struijs (TU Eindhoven) 
 k-dimensional transversals for fat convex sets | Attila Jung, Dömötör Pálvölgyi (ELTE Eötvös Loránd University) 
 A Subquadratic Algorithm for Computing theL1-distance between Two Terrains | Pankaj K Agarwal (Duke University); Boris Aronov (New York University); Olivier Devillers (Inria); Christian Knauer (University of Bayreuth); Guillaume Moroz (Inria) 
 Sparse Bounded Hop-Spanners for Geometric Intersection Graphs | Timothy M. Chan, Zhengcheng Huang (University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign); Shakhar Smorodinsky (Ben Gurion University of the NEGEV); Csaba D. Tóth (California State University Northridge); Sujoy Bhore (Indian Institute of Technology Bombay) 
 Computing Geomorphologically Salient Networks via Discrete Morse Theory | Tim Ophelders (Utrecht University and TU Eindhoven); Anna Schenfisch, Willem Sonke, Bettina Speckmann (TU Eindhoven) 
 An algorithm for Tambara-Yamagami quantum invariants of 3-manifolds, parameterized by the first Betti number | Colleen Delaney (Purdue University); Clément Maria (INRIA - Université Côte d'Azur); Eric Samperton (Purdue University) 
 Persistent (Co)Homology in Matrix Multiplication Time | Dmitriy Morozov (Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory); Primoz Skraba (Queen Mary University of London) 
 Embedding Graphs as Euclidean kNN-Graphs | Thomas Schibler (University of California, Santa Barbara); Subhash Suri (University of California, Santa Barbara); Jie Xue (NYU Shanghai, China) 
 Immersions and Albertson's conjecture | Jacob Fox (Stanford University); Janos Pach (EPFL, Lausanne and Renyi Institute); Andrew Suk (UCSD) 
 A note on the no-(d+2)-on-a-sphere problem | Andrew Suk (UCSD); Ethan White (UIUC) 
 Improved Approximation Algorithms for Three-Dimensional Knapsack | Klaus Jansen (Kiel University); Debajyoti Kar, Arindam Khan, K. V. N. Sreenivas (Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru); Malte Tutas (Kiel University) 
 Computing Betti tables and minimal presentations of zero-dimensional persistent homology | Luis Scoccola (Centre de Recherches Mathématiques); Dmitriy Morozov (Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory) 
 Apex Representatives | Tamal K. Dey (Purdue University); Tao Hou (University of Oregon); Dmitriy Morozov (Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory) 
 Shelling and Sinking Graphs on the Sphere | Jeff Erickson, Christian Howard (University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign) 
 Non-Euclidean Erdős–Anning Theorems | David Eppstein (Univ. of California, Irvine) 
 Polychromatic Coloring of Tuples in Hypergraphs | Ahmad Biniaz (University of Windsor); Jean-Lou De Carufel (University of Ottawa); Anil Maheshwari, Michiel Smid (Carleton University); Shakhar Smorodinsky (Ben Gurion University of the NEGEV); Milos Stojakovic (University of Novi Sad) 
 Polynomial-Time Algorithms for Contiguous Art Gallery and Related Problems | Ahmad Biniaz (University of Windsor); Anil Maheshwari (Carleton University); Magnus Christian Ring Merrild (Aarhus University); Joseph Mitchell (Stony Brook University); Saeed Odak (University of Ottawa) ; Valentin Polishchuk (Linköping University); Eliot W. Robson (University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign); Casper Moldrup Rysgaard (Aarhus University); Jens Kristian Refsgaard Schou (Aarhus University); Tom Shermer (Simon Fraser University); Rolf Svenning (Aarhus University); Jack Spalding-Jamieson (Independent); Da Wei Zheng (University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign) 
 Dynamic Maximum Depth of Geometric Objects | Subhash Suri (University of California, Santa Barbara); Jie Xue, Xiongxin Yang, Jiumu Zhu (New York University Shanghai) 
 Sublinear Data Structure for Nearest Neighbor in Ultra High Dimensions | Zihang Wu, Martin G. Herold, Danupon Nanongkai (Max Planck Institute for Informatics, Saarland Informatics Campus); Joachim Spoerhase (University of Liverpool); Nithin Varma (University of Cologne) 
 Structure and Independence in Hyperbolic Uniform Disk Graphs | Thomas Bläsius, Jean-Pierre von der Heydt (Karlsruhe Institute of Technology); Sándor Kisfaludi-Bak (Aalto University); Marcus Wilhelm (Karlsruhe Institute of Technology); Geert van Wordragen (Aalto University) 
 Extremal Betti Numbers and Persistence in Flag Complexes | Magnus B. Botnan, Lies Beers (Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam) 
 Efficient Greedy Discrete Subtrajectory Clustering | Ivor van der Hoog (Technical University of Denmark); Lara Ost (University of Vienna); Eva Rotenberg (Technical University of Denmark); Daniel Rutschmann (Technical University of Denmark) 
 Geometric Realizations of Dichotomous Ordinal Graphs | Michael Hoffmann (Department of Computer Science, ETH Zürich, Switzerland); Patrizio Angelini (John Cabot University); Sabine Cornelsen (University of Konstanz); Carolina Haase (Trier University); Eleni Katsanou (NTU Athens); Fabrizio Montecchiani (University of Perugia); Raphael Steiner (ETH Zurich); Antonios Symvonis (NTU Athens) 
 Exact Algorithms for Minimum Dilation Triangulation | Sándor Fekete, Phillip Keldenich, Michael Perk (TU Braunschweig) 
 Approximating Klee’s Measure Problem and a Lower Bound for Union Volume Estimation | Karl Bringmann (Saarland University and Max Planck Institute for Informatics); Kasper Green Larsen (Aarhus University, Denmark); André Nusser (CNRS, Inria, Université Côte d'Azur, France); Eva Rotenberg (Technical University of Denmark, DTU); Yanheng Wang (Saarland University and Max Planck Institute for Informatics) 
 Transforming Dogs on the Line: On the Fréchet Distance Under Translation or Scaling in 1D | Lotte Blank, Jacobus Conradi, Anne Driemel, Benedikt Kolbe (University of Bonn); André Nusser (CNRS, Inria, Université Côte d'Azur); Marena Richter (University of Bonn) 
 Computing Oriented Spanners and their Dilation | Antonia Kalb, Kevin Buchin (TU Dortmund); Anil Maheshwari (Carleton University); Saeed Odak (University of Ottawa); Carolin Rehs (TU Dortmund); Michiel Smid (Carleton University); Sampson Wong (University of Copenhagen) 
 Nearest Neighbor Searching in a Dynamic Simple Polygon | Sarita de Berg (Utrecht Utrecht); Frank Staals (Utrecht University) 
 The Maximum Clique Problem in a Disk Graph Made Easy | J. Mark Keil, Debajyoti Mondal (University of Saskatchewan) 
 Computation of toroidal Schnyder woods made simple and fast: from theory to practice | Luca Castelli Aleardi (LIX, Ecole Polytechnique); Eric Fusy (Laboratoire d'Informatique Gaspard Monge); Jyh-Chwen KO, Razvan Stefan Puscasu (LIX, Ecole Polytechnique) 
 Higher Order Bipartiteness vs Bi-Partitioning in Simplicial Complexes | Marzieh Eidi (Max Planck Institute for Mathematics in the Sciences); Sayan Mukherjee (MPI MIS, Duke University) 
 Faster Algorithms for Reverse Shortest Path in Unit-Disk Graphs and Related Geometric Optimization Problems: Improving the Shrink-and-Bifurcate Technique | Timothy M. Chan (UIUC); Zhengcheng Huang (University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign) 
 A Theory of Sub-Barcodes | Oliver Chubet (North Carolina State University); Kirk Gardner (AFRL); Donald Sheehy (North Carolina State University) 
 Geometric spanners of bounded tree-width | Kevin Buchin, Carolin Rehs, Torben Scheele (TU Dortmund) 
 Convexity Helps Iterated Search in 3D | Peyman Afshani (Aarhus University); Frank Staals (Utrecht University); Yakov Nekrich (Michigan Technological University) 
 Geometric Bipartite Matching Based Exact Algorithms for Server Problems | Sharath Raghvendra (North Carolina State University); Pouyan Shirzadian (Virginia Tech); Rachita Sowle (Virginia Commonwealth University) 
 Quantum Combine and Conquer and Its Applications to Sublinear Quantum Convex Hull and Maxima Set Construction | Shion Fukuzawa, Michael Goodrich, Sandy Irani (University of California, Irvine) 
 Decomposing Multiparameter Persistence Modules | Tamal K. Dey (Purdue University); Jan Jendrysiak, Michael Kerber (TU Graz) 
 Strongly sublinear separators and bounded asymptotic dimension for sphere intersection graphs | James Davies (University of Cambridge); Agelos Georgakopoulos (University of Warwick); Meike Hatzel (Institute of Basic Science); Rose McCarty (Georgia Institute of Technology) 
 href="" - CG Week 2025

2. Website of SoCG_3: https://socg24.athenarc.gr/socg.html
Website information of SoCG_3:

Loading [MathJax]/jax/output/HTML-CSS/jax.js 
 CGWeek2024Home 
 Program 
 href="socg.html" - SoCG 
 YRF 
 Challenge 
 Media 
 Workshops 
 Awards 
 Register 
 Practicalities 
 Call for Papers: 40th SoCG - June Tue. 11 - Fri. 14, 2024 
 The 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (href="http://socg24.athenarc.gr/socg.html" - SoCG 2024
) is planned to be held in Athens, Greece, June 11–14 2024, as part of the Computational Geometry (CG) Week. We invite high quality submissions that describe original research on computational problems in a geometric and/or topological setting. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to: 
 Design, analysis, and implementation of geometric algorithms and data structures; 
 Computational complexity of geometric problems; 
 Implementation and experimental evaluation of geometric algorithms and heuristics, including mathematical, numerical, and algebraic aspects; 
 Discrete and combinatorial geometry; 
 Computational topology, topological data analysis, and topological combinatorics; 
 Applications of computational geometry or topology in any field. 
 Important Dates 
 11–14 June 2024: | Symposium 
 20 March 2024: | Final versions of accepted papers due 
 05 February 2024: | Notification of acceptance/rejection 
 01 December 2023: | Papers due (23:59 AoE (anywhere on Earth)) 
 24 November 2023: | Abstracts due (23:59 AoE (anywhere on Earth)) 
 6 November 2023: | Submission server for SoCG 2024 is now open! 
 SoCG 2024 Conference Webpage 
 href="http://socg24.athenarc.gr/socg.html" - http://socg24.athenarc.gr/socg.html
SoCG 2024 HotCRP Submission Webpage 
 href="https://socg24.hotcrp.com/" - https://socg24.hotcrp.com/
Code of conduct 
 SoCG is dedicated to providing an environment that is free from harassment, bullying, discrimination, and retaliation for all participants. All attendees, speakers, sponsors, and volunteers at our conference are required to agree with the CG Week code of conduct. 
 A person found in violation of these standards can be barred from attendance. This includes violations and sanctions that were established by other academic or professional institutions as the outcome of a formal enquiry. 
 If an author has a conflict of such nature with a potential reviewer, and the author has sufficient grounds to believe that the review would be negatively biased, then the author is asked to declare this conflict in HotCRP. You are also welcome to contact a SoCG SafeTOC advocate who will treat any supporting information confidentially. For a list of SoCG advocates with contact information, please refer toCG Week Code of Conduct. 
 Submission Guidelines 
 Paper types | When writing or evaluating a SoCG paper, it is important to keep in mind that there are different types of contributions, each with its own strengths. To ensure that a submission is evaluated on its own merits, authors will need to identify the main strengths of their submission, as captured by four possible paper types. PC members and external reviewers will be asked to take into account these paper types together with their associated evaluation criteria when they evaluate a paper. There are no quotas for the paper types and submissions can be labeled with more than one paper type at the time of submission. | Mathematical Foundations: | A typical paper will contain theorems and proofs describing new results in discrete or combinatorial geometry, discrete differential geometry or topology, or in topological combinatorics. The paper will primarily be evaluated on its technical depth, the importance of the results, the elegance of the solution, the connection of the problem studied to computational geometry and topology, and the potential future impact on algorithm development. 
 Algorithmic Complexity: | A typical paper will contain algorithms, data structures, theorems, proofs, or lower bound constructions describing new results on computational geometry problems. The paper will primarily be evaluated on the (mathematical or computational) relevance and importance of the problem studied, its technical depth, the elegance of the solution, and the potential future impact of the results or the proposed new methods and techniques. 
 Experiments and Implementation: | A typical paper will make a clear contribution to the implementation and evaluation of geometric algorithms, such as exact, approximate, or algebraic computation, algorithms engineering, or the experimental evaluation of competing algorithmic approaches. The paper will primarily be evaluated on the completeness and the expected impact of the proposed implementation, the soundness of the experiments, the quality and quantity of testing, and on the general amount of knowledge gained. 
 Applications: | A typical paper will describe the modeling and algorithmic choices made when developing or adapting computational geometry techniques for an application area. The paper will be primarily evaluated on the soundness of the modeling decisions, the ingenuity of the solution, the effectiveness of the proposed method, and the expected impact in the application area. One might also consider the lesson learned regarding the applicability or suitability of computational geometry tools to the specific area. 
 Double Blind and PC submissions | This year's SoCG will employ a lightweight double-blind reviewing process, and will allow PC members (other than the PC chairs) to submit to the conference as well. Submissions should not reveal the identity of the authors in any way. In particular, authors' names, affiliations, and email addresses should not appear at the beginning or in the body of the submission. Authors should ensure that any references to their own related work is in the third person (e.g., not "We build on our previous work ..." but rather "We build on the work of ..."). Particular care needs to be taken if there is any accompanying software or data, which needs to be linked anonymously (for example, via a DropBox folder orGitHub, perhaps with a subset of synthetic data if the real data is not anonymized). Upon registering a submission, the authors will declare conflicts of interest with PC members, as well as listing email address or domain level conflicts (i.e. “Jeff M. Phillips (University of Utah)”, “All (Freie Universität Berlin)”) of other professional or personal conflicts. The purpose of lightweight double-blind reviewing is to help PC members and external reviewers come to an initial judgment about the paper without bias, not to make it impossible for them to discover the authors if they were to try. Authors should feel free to disseminate their ideas or draft versions of their paper as they normally would. For example, authors may post drafts of their papers on the web, submit them to arXiv, and give talks on their research ideas. We encourage authors with further questions on double-blind reviewing to contact the PC chairs, or to see the more detailed discussion inthe proposalthat preceded the vote to move to double blind. 
 Format | Submissions must be formatted in accordance with theLIPIcs proceedings guidelines. Authors must use the LaTeX class filehref="https://computational-geometry.org/guidelines/socg-lipics-v2021.cls" - socg-lipics-v2021.cls
(use the one updated in 2022; version 0.9), which is a wrapper around the standard LIPIcs class. The LIPIcs style and instructions are availablehref="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/documentation/authors#lipics" - here
; the socg-lipics-v2021.cls class file is availablehref="https://computational-geometry.org/guidelines/socg-lipics-v2021.cls" - here
, and instructions on how to use it are availablehere. Submissions must not exceed 500 lines, excluding front matter (title, authors, and affiliations), references, and a clearly marked appendix (further described below), but including all other lines (in abstract, algorithms, tables, captions, etc.). The class files provide line counting which should be accurate in most cases. Authors should refrain from putting excessive amounts of text in parts in which lines are not counted automatically. If authors need constructs that contain uncounted lines of text, they should compensate for this by reducing the final line count accordingly. It is the sole responsibility of the authors to not exceed 500 lines even if some lines are not counted automatically. 
 Contents of the submission | Papers should be submitted in the form of an extended abstract, which begins with the title of the paper, each author's name and affiliation, as well as a short abstract. This should be followed by the main body of the paper that begins with a precise statement of the problem considered, a succinct summary of the results obtained (emphasizing the significance, novelty, and potential impact of the research), and a clear comparison with related work. The remainder of the extended abstract should provide sufficient details to allow the program committee to evaluate the validity, quality, and relevance of the contribution. Clarity of presentation is very important; the entire extended abstract should be written carefully, taking into consideration that it will be read and evaluated by both experts and non-experts, often under tight time constraints. 
 Appendix and additional data | All details needed to verify the results must be provided. Supporting materials, including proofs of theoretical claims and experimental details, that do not fit in the 500-line limit should be given in an appendix. If more appropriate, the full version may be given as the appendix. In both cases, however, the authors should include in the main part specific pointers to the relevant locations in the appendix. The appendix will be read by the program committee members and subreviewers at their discretion and will not be published as part of the proceedings. Thus, the paper without the appendix should be able to stand on its own. Experimental and implementation results (independent of paper type) must be reproducible and verifiable. Authors of all types of papers are encouraged to put accompanying software and relevant data, if there are any, in a repository accessible to the reviewers. Authors are asked to indicate which of the supporting materials will remain publicly available if their papers are accepted. 
 Previous or simultaneous submissions | Results previously published or accepted for publication in the proceedings of another conference cannot be submitted. Simultaneous submissions of the results to another conference with published proceedings are not allowed. Exempted are workshops and conferences without formal proceedings, but possibly with handouts containing short abstracts. In particular, submissions of papers that have appeared or will be submitted to EuroCG are allowed, since EuroCG does not publish formal proceedings, while submissions of papers that have appeared in CCCG are not allowed. Results that have already been accepted (with or without revision) for publication in a journal at the time of their submission to the symposium are not allowed. 
 Strict guidelines | Submissions deviating from the above guidelines risk being rejected without further consideration. 
 Guidelines for reviewers | The guidelines are availablehref="https://computational-geometry.org/guidelines/socg-reviewing.pdf" - here
. 
 Accepted Papers 
 Presentation, awards, and special issues | An author of each accepted paper will be expected to attend the symposium and present the paper (approximately 20 minutes). The format of both attendance and presentation will be clarified closer to the event. Awards will be given for the best paper and for the best student presentation. Authors of a selection of papers from the symposium will be invited to submit extended versions of their papers to special issues ofDiscrete & Computational GeometryandJournal of Computational Geometry. As in the previous years, the authors of the best paper will be invited to submit an extended version of their paper to theJournal of the ACM. 
 Format | Final proceedings versions of accepted papers must respect the same formatting constraints as the submissions (href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/5#author" - LIPIcs proceedings format
withhref="https://computational-geometry.org/guidelines/socg-lipics-v2021.cls" - socg-lipics-v2021
; 500-line limit, excluding front matter and references), but must not comprise any appendix. If any supporting material (including complete proofs of theoretical claims and experimental details) does not fit in the specified limit, then the full version of the paper containing this information must be referenced in the conference version and made available at a public repository, such asarXiv, by the time the final version is submitted. Where applicable, we encourage the authors to make accompanying software and/or data publicly accessible, with proper references in the paper. 
 Program Committee 
 Peyman Afshani, Aarhus University, Denmark 
 Hee-Kap Ahn, Pohang University of Science and Technology, South Korea 
 Boris Aronov, New York University, USA 
 Sayan Bandyapadhyay, Portland State University, USA 
 Gill Barequet, Technion - Israel Inst. of Technology, Israel 
 Karl Bringmann, Universität des Saarlandes, Germany 
 Maike Buchin, Ruhr-Universität Bochum, Germany 
 Tamal Dey, Purdue University, USA 
 Omrit Filtser, Open University of Israel, Israel 
 Sariel Har-Peled, University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, USA 
 Meng He, Dalhousie University, Canada 
 Michael Hoffmann, Eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich, Switzerland 
 Chaya Keller, Ariel University, Israel 
 Clément Maria, INRIA, France 
 David Mount, University of Maryland, USA 
 Wolfgang Mulzer, Freie Universität Berlin, Germany (co-chair) 
 Steve Oudot, INRIA, France 
 Dömötör Pálvölgyi, Eötvös Loránd University, Hungary 
 Evanthia Papadopoulou, Università della Svizzera italiana, Switzerland 
 Salman Parsa, DePaul University, USA 
 Zuzana Patáková, Univerzita Karlova, Czech Republic 
 Jeff M. Phillips, University of Utah, USA (co-chair) 
 Benjamin Raichel, University of Texas at Dallas, USA 
 Lena Schlipf, University of Tübingen, Germany 
 Melanie Schmidt, Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf, Germany 
 Micha Sharir, Tel Aviv University, Israel 
 Rodrigo Silveira, Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya, Spain 
 Andrew Suk, University of California, San Diego, USA 
 Subhash Suri, University of California, Santa Barbara, USA 
 Martin Tancer, Univerzita Karlova, Czech Republic 
 Yufei Tao, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, China 
 Csaba D. Tóth, California State University Northridge, USA 
 Birgit Vogtenhuber, Technische Universität Graz, Austria 
 List of Accepted Papers 
  
 Title | Authors 
 1 | AnO(nlogn)-Time Approximation Scheme for Geometric Many-to-Many Matching | Sayan Bandyapadhyay and Jie Xue 
 2 | Topological k-metrics | Willow Barkan, Huck Bennett, and Amir Nayyeri 
 3 | Polychromatic Colorings of Geometric Hypergraphs via Shallow Hitting Sets | Tim Planken and Torsten Ueckerdt 
 4 | Beyond chromatic threshold via(p,q)-theorem, and blow-up phenomenon | Hong Liu, Chong Shangguan, Jozef Skokan, and Zixiang Xu 
 5 | Map-Matching Queries Under Fréchet Distance on Low-Density Spanners | Kevin Buchin, Maike Buchin, Joachim Gudmundsson, Aleksandr Popov, and Sampson Wong 
 6 | Discrete Fréchet Distance Oracles | Boris Aronov, Tsuri Farhana, Matthew J. Katz, and Indu Ramesh 
 7 | Fast approximations and coresets for(k,ℓ)-median under dynamic time warping | Jacobus Conradi, Benedikt Kolbe, Ioannis Psarros, and Dennis Rohde 
 8 | A GPU algorithm for enumerating seed PL-spheres of Picard number 4 whose facets are bases of a binary matroid and application to toric topology | Suyoung Choi, Hyeontae Jang, and Mathieu Vallée 
 9 | Totally geodesic surfaces in hyperbolic 3-manifolds: algorithms and examples | Brannon Basilio, Chaeryn Lee, and Joseph Malionek 
 10 | Effective Computation of the Heegaard Genus of 3-Manifolds | Benjamin A. Burton and Finn Thompson 
 11 | Hopf Arborescent Links, Minor Theory, and Decidability of the Genus Defect | Pierre Dehornoy, Corentin Lunel, and Arnaud de Mesmay 
 12 | Pach's animal problem within the bounding box | Martin Tancer 
 13 | Reconfiguration of plane trees in convex geometric graphs | Nicolas Bousquet, Lucas De Meyer, Théo Pierron, and Alexandra Wesolek 
 14 | On the Parameterized Complexity of Motion Planning for Rectangular Robots | Iyad Kanj and Salman Parsa 
 15 | A Universal In-Place Reconfiguration Algorithm for Sliding Cube-Shaped Robots in Quadratic Time | Zachary Abel, Hugo Akitaya, Scott Kominers, Matias Korman, and Frederick Stock 
 16 | Almost Optimal Locality Sensitive Orderings in Euclidean Space | Zhimeng Gao and Sariel Har-Peled 
 17 | A Quadtree, a Steiner Spanner, and Approximate Nearest Neighbours in Hyperbolic Space | Sándor Kisfaludi-Bak and Geert van Wordragen 
 18 | Optimal Euclidean Tree Covers | Hsien-Chih Chang, Jonathan Conroy, Hung Le, Lazar Milenković, Shay Solomon, and Cuong Than 
 19 | Discrepancy of halfplanes | Manasseh Ahmed, Tsun-Ming Cheung, Hamed Hatami, and Kusha Sareen 
 20 | A Canonical Tree Decomposition for Chirotopes | Mathilde Bouvel, Valentin Feray, Xavier Goaoc, and Florent Koechlin 
 21 | Saturation results around the Erdős-Szekeres problem | Gábor Damásdi, Zichao Dong, Manfred Scheucher, and Ji Zeng 
 22 | A Clique-Based Separator for Intersection Graphs of Geodesic Disks inR2 | Boris Aronov, Mark de Berg, and Leonidas Theocharous 
 23 | ETH-Tight Algorithm for Cycle Packing on Unit Disk Graphs | Shinwoo An and Eunjin Oh 
 24 | Computing Diameter+2 in Truly-Subquadratic Time for Unit-Disk Graphs | Hsien-Chih Chang, Jie Gao, and Hung Le 
 25 | Stability and Approximations for Decorated Reeb Spaces | Justin Curry, Washington Mio, Tom Needham, Osman Berat Okutan, and Florian Russold 
 26 | Strange Random Topology of the Circle | Uzu Lim 
 27 | On Edge Collapse of Random Simplicial Complexes | Jean-Daniel Boissonnat, Kunal Dutta, Soumik Dutta, and Siddharth Pritam 
 28 | Moderate Dimension Reduction fork-Center Clustering | Shaofeng H.-C. Jiang, Robert Krauthgamer, and Shay Sapir 
 29 | Dimensionality of Hamming metrics and Rademacher type | Alexandros Eskenazis 
 30 | Space Complexity of Euclidean Clustering | Xiaoyi Zhu, Yuxiang Tian, Lingxiao Huang, and Zengfeng Huang 
 31 | Clustering with Few Disks to Minimize the Sum of Radii | Mikkel Abrahamsen, Sarita de Berg, Lucas Meijer, André Nusser, and Leonidas Theocharous 
 32 | An Improved Lower Bound on the Number of Pseudoline Arrangements [merged] | Fernando Cortés Kühnast, Justin Dallant, Stefan Felsner, and Manfred Scheucher 
 33 | On the number of digons in arrangements of pairwise intersecting circles | Eyal Ackerman, Gábor Damásdi, Balázs Keszegh, Rom Pinchasi, and Rebeka Blanka Raffay 
 34 | A structure theorem for pseudo-segments and its applications | Jacob Fox, Janos Pach, and Andrew Suk 
 35 | Sweeping Arrangements of Non-Piercing Curves in Plane | Suryendu Dalal, Rahul Gangopadhyay, Rajiv Raman, and Saurabh Ray 
 36 | Dynamic Convex Hulls for Simple Paths | Bruce Brewer, Gerth Stølting Brodal, and Haitao Wang 
 37 | Optimal Algorithm for the Planar Two-Center Problem | Kyungjin Cho, Eunjin Oh, Haitao Wang, and Jie Xue 
 38 | Geometric matching and bottleneck problems | Sergio Cabello, Siu-Wing Cheng, Otfried Cheong, and Christian Knauer 
 39 | Convex Polygon Containment: Improving Quadratic to Near Linear Time | Timothy M. Chan and Isaac M. Hair 
 40 | Computing shortest closed curves on non-orientable surfaces | Denys Bulavka, Éric Colin de Verdière, and Niloufar Fuladi 
 41 | Cup Product Persistence and Its Efficient Computation | Tamal K. Dey and Abhishek Rathod 
 42 | Efficient Algorithms for Complexes of Persistence Modules with Applications | Tamal K. Dey, Florian Russold, and Shreyas N. Samaga 
 43 | Computing Zigzag Vineyard Efficiently Including Expansions and Contractions | Tamal K. Dey and Tao Hou 
 44 | Fréchet Edit Distance | Emily Fox, Amir Nayyeri, Jonathan James Perry, and Benjamin Raichel 
 45 | Fine-Grained Complexity of Earth Mover's Distance under Translation | Karl Bringmann, Frank Staals, Karol Wegrzycki, and Geert van Wordragen 
 46 | Faster Fréchet Distance Approximation through Truncated Smoothing | Thijs van der Horst and Tim Ophelders 
 47 | Morse Theory for the k-NN Distance Function | Yohai Reani and Omer Bobrowski 
 48 | Approximating Multiplicatively Weighted Voronoi Diagrams: Efficient Construction with Linear Size | Joachim Gudmundsson, Martin P. Seybold, and Sampson Wong 
 49 | Light, Reliable Spanners | Arnold Filtser, Yuval Gitlitz, and Ofer Neiman 
 50 | Towards Space Efficient Two-Point Shortest Path Queries in a Polygonal Domain | Sarita de Berg, Till Miltzow, and Frank Staals 
 51 | A Coreset for Approximate Furthest-Neighbor Queries in a Simple Polygon | Mark de Berg and Leonidas Theocharous 
 52 | Robustly Guarding Polygons | Rathish Das, Omrit Filtser, Matthew J. Katz, and Joseph Mitchell 
 53 | Approximating the Maximum Independent Set of Convex Polygons with a Bounded Number of Directions | Fabrizio Grandoni, Edin Husić, Mathieu Mari, and Antoine Tinguely 
 54 | Semialgebraic Range Stabbing, Ray Shooting, and Intersection Counting in the Plane | Timothy M. Chan, Pingan Cheng, and Da Wei Zheng 
 55 | Off-line Semi-Algebraic Range Searching in the Plane | Pankaj K Agarwal, Esther Ezra, and Micha Sharir 
 56 | An improved bound on sums of square roots via the subspace theorem | Friedrich Eisenbrand, Matthieu Haeberle, and Neta Singer 
 57 | A Topological Version of Schaefer’s Dichotomy Theorem | Patrick Schnider and Simon Weber 
 58 | Approximating the geometric knapsack problem in near-linear time and dynamically | Moritz Buchem, Paul Deuker, and Andreas Wiese 
 59 | Faster Approximation Scheme for Euclideank-TSP | Ernest van Wijland and Hang Zhou 
 60 | Plane Hamiltonian cycles in convex drawings | Helena Bergold, Stefan Felsner, Meghana M. Reddy, Joachim Orthaber, and Manfred Scheucher 
 61 | Constrained and Ordered Level Planarity Parameterized by the Number of Levels | Václav Blažej, Boris Klemz, Felix Klesen, Marie Diana Sieper, Alexander Wolff, and Johannes Zink 
 62 | 8-Partitioning Points in 3D, and Efficiently Too | Boris Aronov, Abdul Basit, Indu Ramesh, Gianluca Tasinato, and Uli Wagner 
 63 | Grid Peeling of Parabolas | Günter Rote, Moritz Rüber, and Morteza Saghafian 
 64 | Nearly Orthogonal Sets over Finite Fields | Dror Chawin and Ishay Haviv 
 65 | Colorful intersections and Tverberg partitions | Michael Gene Dobbins, Andreas F. Holmsen, and Dohyeon Lee 
 66 | Dynamic Geometric Connectivity in the Plane with Constant Query Time | Timothy M. Chan and Zhengcheng Huang 
 67 | Fully Dynamic Maximum Independent Sets of Disks in Polylogarithmic Update Time | Sujoy Bhore, Martin Nöllenburg, Csaba D. Tóth, and Jules Wulms 
 68 | Zarankiewicz's Problem viaϵ-t-Nets | Chaya Keller and Shakhar Smorodinsky 
 69 | Probabilistic Analysis of Multiparameter Persistence Decompositions into Intervals | Ángel Javier Alonso, Michael Kerber, and Primoz Skraba 
 70 | Measure Theoretic Reeb Graphs and Reeb Spaces | Qingsong Wang, Guanqun Ma, Raghavendra Sridharamurthy, and Bei Wang 
 71 | Tight bounds for the learning of homotopy à la Niyogi, Smale, and Weinberger for subsets of Euclidean spaces and of Riemannian manifolds | Dominique Attali, Hana Dal Poz Kourimska, Christopher Fillmore, Ishika Ghosh, André Lieutier, Elizabeth Stephenson, and Mathijs Wintraecken 
 72 | Separator Theorem and Algorithms for Planar Hyperbolic Graphs | Sándor Kisfaludi-Bak, Jana Masaříková, Erik Jan van Leeuwen, Bartosz Walczak, and Karol Węgrzycki 
 73 | A 1.9999-Approximation Algorithm for Vertex Cover on String Graphs | Daniel Lokshtanov, Fahad Panolan, Saket Saurabh, Jie Xue, and Meirav Zehavi 
 74 | Multicut Problems in Embedded Graphs: The Dependency of Complexity on the Demand Pattern | Jacob Focke, Florian Hoersch, Shaohua Li, and Dániel Marx 
 75 | Demystifying Latschev's Theorem: Manifold Reconstruction from Noisy Data | Sushovan Majhi 
 76 | Wrapping Cycles in Delaunay Complexes: Bridging Persistent Homology and Discrete Morse Theory | Ulrich Bauer and Fabian Roll 
 77 | The medial axis of closed bounded sets is Lipschitz stable with respect to the Hausdorff distance under ambient diffeomorphisms | Hana Dal Poz Kourimska, André Lieutier, and Mathijs Wintraecken 
 78 | Practical Software for Triangulating and Simplifying 4-Manifolds | Rhuaidi Burke 
 79 | Algorithms for Halfplane Coverage and Related Problems | Haitao Wang and Jie Xue 
 80 | Enclosing Points with Geometric Objects | Timothy Chan, Qizheng He, and Jie Xue 
 81 | SCARST: Schnyder Compact And Regularity Sensitive Triangulation Data Structure | Luca Castelli Aleardi and Olivier Devillers 
 82 | Maximum Betti Numbers of Čech Complexes | Herbert Edelsbrunner and Janos Pach 
 href="mailto:socg-24@athenarc.gr" - Contact Us
|href="https://validator.w3.org/check?uri=socg24.athenarc.gr/socg.html" - Valid
HTML5

3. Website of SoCG_3: https://www.computational-geometry.org/
Website information of SoCG_3:

Computational Geometry 
 Home 
 CG Society 
 CG Week 
 EuroCG 
 → Old CG Pages 
 Computational Geometry is the field within theoretical computer science that studies algorithms and data structures for geometric data. Its flagship conference is thehref="/cg-week/socg" - International Symposium on Computational Geometry
(SoCG). Until 2014, SoCG (then called thehref="https://dl.acm.org/conference/socg" - Annual Symposium on Computational Geometry
) was part of ACM. Based onthe conclusive results of several discussions and votes in the community, it was decided to organize the conference independently starting from 2015. Since 2012, SoCG is part ofCG Week, which also includes theCG Media Exposition(CG:ME), thehref="/cg-week/yrf" - Young Researchers Forum
(CG:YRF), theCG Challenge(CG:SHOP), and variousworkshops. CG Week has been part ofSafeToCsince 2019 and established aCode of Conduct. 
 Other venues in the field are theEuropean Workshop on Computational Geometry(EuroCG), theCanadian Conference on Computational Geometry(CCCG), and the Fall Workshop on Computational Geometry. The community publishes two open access journals: theJournal of Computational Geometry(JoCG) andComputing in Geometry and Topology(CGT). 
 The societies 
 There are two societies serving the Computational Geometry community. TheSociety for Computational Geometrywasfoundedin 2019 in the USA to provide financial backing for organizing CG Week after it became independent from ACM. After extensive deliberation and votes in the community, theComputational Geometry Society(orCG Society) was founded in 2024 in the Netherlands to create a legal entity that can enforce the Code of Conduct and organize scientific events in a safe and inclusive manner. Starting in 2025, both CG Week and EuroCG will be organized as events of the CG Society. 
 About the logo 
 The Computational Geometry logo was adapted from a figure in a paper [1] byJoseph O'Rourke(the first program/conference chair of SoCG). The paper discusses theminimum convex coverproblem, that is, the problem of finding a convex cover of an input polygonPwith the minimum number of pieces. The figure establishes that even ifPis rectilinear, a minimum convex cover forPmay need to contain non-axis-aligned edges. Indeed, it can be shown that the eight axis-aligned rectangles in the figure are necessary in a minimum convex cover, and the only way to cover the remaining holes with a single piece is to use diagonal edges, as shown by the diamond. 
 P[1]Joseph O'Rourke,The complexity of computing minimum convex covers for polygons.Proc. 20th Annual Allerton Conference on Communication, Control, and Computing, 1982, pp. 75–84. 
 About this site 
 This site was started by Hervé Brönnimann. From 2007 to 2021 it has been maintained byMonique Teillaudand hosted by INRIA, first inSophia Antipolis, then inNancy. From 2021 to 2024 it has been maintained byMichael Hoffmannand hosted atETH Zürich. Since 2024 it is maintained by the CG Society. 
 © 2025 CG Society. Maintained by theIT Committee. Hosting sponsored byconova.

4. Website of SoCG_3: https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/volume/LIPIcs-volume-293
Website information of SoCG_3:

DROPS 
 Series | LIPIcs – Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics 
 OASIcs – Open Access Series in Informatics 
 Dagstuhl Follow-Ups 
 Schloss Dagstuhl Jahresbericht 
 Discontinued Series 
 Journals | DARTS – Dagstuhl Artifacts Series 
 Dagstuhl Reports 
 Dagstuhl Manifestos 
 LITES – Leibniz Transactions on Embedded Systems 
 TGDK – Transactions on Graph Data and Knowledge 
 Conferences | AFT 
 AIB 
 AofA 
 APPROX 
 ATMOS 
 CALCO 
 CCC 
 CONCUR 
 COSIT 
 CP 
 CPM 
 CSL 
 DISC 
 DITAM 
 DNA 
 ECOOP 
 ECRTS 
 ESA 
 FAB 
 FMBC 
 FORC 
 FSCD 
 FSTTCS 
 FUN 
 GD 
 GIScience 
 ICALP 
 ICDT 
 ICPEC 
 IPEC 
 iPMVM 
 ISAAC 
 ITC 
 ITCS 
 ITP 
 LDK 
 MFCS 
 Microservices 
 NG-RES 
 OPODIS 
 PARMA 
 RANDOM 
 SAND 
 SAT 
 SEA 
 SLATE 
 SNAPL 
 href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/conference/SoCG" - SoCG 
 STACS 
 SWAT 
 TIME 
 Tokenomics 
 TQC 
 TYPES 
 WABI 
 WCET 
 Artifacts | Supplementary Materials (Software, Datasets, ...) 
 dblp Artifacts 
 DARTS (Evaluated Artifacts) 
 Metadata Export | Metadata Export 
 OAI Interface 
 VolumeExport XML 
 Export ACM-XML 
 Export DOAJ-XML 
 Export Schema.org 
 Export HTML 
 LIPIcs, Volume 293 
 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024) 
 Part of: | Series: | Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs) | Part of: | Conference: | href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/conference/SoCG" - Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG) 
 Event 
 href="http://socg24.athenarc.gr/socg.html" - SoCG 2024, June 11-14, 2024, Athens, Greece
Editors 
 Wolfgang Mulzerhref="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/search/documents?author=Mulzer, Wolfgang" - 
Freie Universität Berlin, Germany 
 Jeff M. Phillipshref="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/search/documents?author=Phillips, Jeff M." - 
University of Utah, USA 
 Publication Details 
 published at: 2024-06-06 
 Publisher: Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik 
 ISBN: 978-3-95977-316-4 
 DBLP: | db/conf/compgeom/compgeom2024 
  
 Access Numbers 
 Detailed Access Statistics available here 
 Total Document Accesses (updated on a weekly basis): | 0 
 PDF Downloads 
 0 
 Metadata Views 
 DocumentsNo documents found matching your filter selection. 
 Document 
 Complete Volume 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024" - LIPIcs, Volume 293, SoCG 2024, Complete Volume
Authors:Wolfgang Mulzer and Jeff M. Phillips 
 AbstractLIPIcs, Volume 293, SoCG 2024, Complete Volume 
 Cite as40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 1-1412, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @Proceedings{mulzer_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024 title = {{LIPIcs, Volume 293, SoCG 2024, Complete Volume}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {1--1412}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199441}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024}, annote = {Keywords: LIPIcs, Volume 293, SoCG 2024, Complete Volume} }@Proceedings{mulzer_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024 title = {{LIPIcs, Volume 293, SoCG 2024, Complete Volume}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {1--1412}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199441}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024}, annote = {Keywords: LIPIcs, Volume 293, SoCG 2024, Complete Volume} }Document 
 Front Matter 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.0" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.0
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.0/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.0.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.0" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.0" - Front Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization
Authors:Wolfgang Mulzer and Jeff M. Phillips 
 AbstractFront Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization 
 Cite as40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 0:i-0:xxii, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{mulzer_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.0 author = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, title = {{Front Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {0:i--0:xxii}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.0}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199457}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.0}, annote = {Keywords: Front Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization} }@InProceedings{mulzer_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.0 author = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, title = {{Front Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {0:i--0:xxii}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.0}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199457}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.0}, annote = {Keywords: Front Matter, Table of Contents, Preface, Conference Organization} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.1" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.1
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.1/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.1.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.1" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.1" - A Universal In-Place Reconfiguration Algorithm for Sliding Cube-Shaped Robots in a Quadratic Number of Moves
Authors:Zachary Abel, Hugo A. Akitaya, Scott Duke Kominers, Matias Korman, and Frederick Stock 
 AbstractIn the modular robot reconfiguration problem, we are given n cube-shaped modules (or robots) as well as two configurations, i.e., placements of the n modules so that their union is face-connected. The goal is to find a sequence of moves that reconfigures the modules from one configuration to the other using "sliding moves," in which a module slides over the face or edge of a neighboring module, maintaining connectivity of the configuration at all times. For many years it has been known that certain module configurations in this model require at least Ω(n²) moves to reconfigure between them. In this paper, we introduce the first universal reconfiguration algorithm - i.e., we show that any n-module configuration can reconfigure itself into any specified n-module configuration using just sliding moves. Our algorithm achieves reconfiguration in O(n²) moves, making it asymptotically tight. We also present a variation that reconfigures in-place, it ensures that throughout the reconfiguration process, all modules, except for one, will be contained in the union of the bounding boxes of the start and end configuration. 
 Cite asZachary Abel, Hugo A. Akitaya, Scott Duke Kominers, Matias Korman, and Frederick Stock. A Universal In-Place Reconfiguration Algorithm for Sliding Cube-Shaped Robots in a Quadratic Number of Moves. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 1:1-1:14, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{abel_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.1 author = {Abel, Zachary and A. Akitaya, Hugo and Kominers, Scott Duke and Korman, Matias and Stock, Frederick}, title = {{A Universal In-Place Reconfiguration Algorithm for Sliding Cube-Shaped Robots in a Quadratic Number of Moves}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {1:1--1:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.1}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199468}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.1}, annote = {Keywords: modular reconfigurable robots, sliding cube model, reconfiguration} }@InProceedings{abel_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.1 author = {Abel, Zachary and A. Akitaya, Hugo and Kominers, Scott Duke and Korman, Matias and Stock, Frederick}, title = {{A Universal In-Place Reconfiguration Algorithm for Sliding Cube-Shaped Robots in a Quadratic Number of Moves}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {1:1--1:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.1}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199468}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.1}, annote = {Keywords: modular reconfigurable robots, sliding cube model, reconfiguration} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.2" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.2
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.2/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.2.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.2" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.2" - Clustering with Few Disks to Minimize the Sum of Radii
Authors:Mikkel Abrahamsen, Sarita de Berg, Lucas Meijer, André Nusser, and Leonidas Theocharous 
 AbstractGiven a set of n points in the Euclidean plane, the k-MinSumRadius problem asks to cover this point set using k disks with the objective of minimizing the sum of the radii of the disks. After a long line of research on related problems, it was finally discovered that this problem admits a polynomial time algorithm [GKKPV '12]; however, the running time of this algorithm is 𝒪(n^881), and its relevance is thereby mostly of theoretical nature. A practically and structurally interesting special case of the k-MinSumRadius problem is that of small k. For the 2-MinSumRadius problem, a near-quadratic time algorithm with expected running time 𝒪(n² log² n log² log n) was given over 30 years ago [Eppstein '92]. We present the first improvement of this result, namely, a near-linear time algorithm to compute the 2-MinSumRadius that runs in expected 𝒪(n log² n log² log n) time. We generalize this result to any constant dimension d, for which we give an 𝒪(n^{2-1/(⌈d/2⌉ + 1) + ε}) time algorithm. Additionally, we give a near-quadratic time algorithm for 3-MinSumRadius in the plane that runs in expected 𝒪(n² log² n log² log n) time. All of these algorithms rely on insights that uncover a surprisingly simple structure of optimal solutions: we can specify a linear number of lines out of which one separates one of the clusters from the remaining clusters in an optimal solution. 
 Cite asMikkel Abrahamsen, Sarita de Berg, Lucas Meijer, André Nusser, and Leonidas Theocharous. Clustering with Few Disks to Minimize the Sum of Radii. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 2:1-2:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{abrahamsen_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.2 author = {Abrahamsen, Mikkel and de Berg, Sarita and Meijer, Lucas and Nusser, Andr\'{e} and Theocharous, Leonidas}, title = {{Clustering with Few Disks to Minimize the Sum of Radii}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {2:1--2:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.2}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199472}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.2}, annote = {Keywords: geometric clustering, minimize sum of radii, covering points with disks} }@InProceedings{abrahamsen_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.2 author = {Abrahamsen, Mikkel and de Berg, Sarita and Meijer, Lucas and Nusser, Andr\'{e} and Theocharous, Leonidas}, title = {{Clustering with Few Disks to Minimize the Sum of Radii}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {2:1--2:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.2}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199472}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.2}, annote = {Keywords: geometric clustering, minimize sum of radii, covering points with disks} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.3" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.3
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.3/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.3.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.3" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.3" - On the Number of Digons in Arrangements of Pairwise Intersecting Circles
Authors:Eyal Ackerman, Gábor Damásdi, Balázs Keszegh, Rom Pinchasi, and Rebeka Raffay 
 AbstractA long-standing open conjecture of Branko Grünbaum from 1972 states that any arrangement of n pairwise intersecting pseudocircles in the plane can have at most 2n-2 digons. Agarwal et al. proved this conjecture for arrangements in which there is a common point surrounded by all pseudocircles. Recently, Felsner, Roch and Scheucher showed that Grünbaum’s conjecture is true for arrangements of pseudocircles in which there are three pseudocircles every pair of which creates a digon. In this paper we prove this over 50-year-old conjecture of Grünbaum for any arrangement of pairwise intersecting circles in the plane. 
 Cite asEyal Ackerman, Gábor Damásdi, Balázs Keszegh, Rom Pinchasi, and Rebeka Raffay. On the Number of Digons in Arrangements of Pairwise Intersecting Circles. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 3:1-3:14, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{ackerman_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.3 author = {Ackerman, Eyal and Dam\'{a}sdi, G\'{a}bor and Keszegh, Bal\'{a}zs and Pinchasi, Rom and Raffay, Rebeka}, title = {{On the Number of Digons in Arrangements of Pairwise Intersecting Circles}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {3:1--3:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.3}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199480}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.3}, annote = {Keywords: Arrangement of pseudocircles, Counting touchings, Counting digons, Gr\"{u}nbaum’s conjecture} }@InProceedings{ackerman_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.3 author = {Ackerman, Eyal and Dam\'{a}sdi, G\'{a}bor and Keszegh, Bal\'{a}zs and Pinchasi, Rom and Raffay, Rebeka}, title = {{On the Number of Digons in Arrangements of Pairwise Intersecting Circles}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {3:1--3:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.3}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199480}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.3}, annote = {Keywords: Arrangement of pseudocircles, Counting touchings, Counting digons, Gr\"{u}nbaum’s conjecture} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.4" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.4
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.4/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.4.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.4" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.4" - Semi-Algebraic Off-Line Range Searching and Biclique Partitions in the Plane
Authors:Pankaj K. Agarwal, Esther Ezra, and Micha Sharir 
 AbstractLet P be a set of m points in ℝ², let Σ be a set of n semi-algebraic sets of constant complexity in ℝ², let (S,+) be a semigroup, and let w: P → S be a weight function on the points of P. We describe a randomized algorithm for computing w(P∩σ) for every σ ∈ Σ in overall expected time O^*(m^{2s/(5s-4)}n^{(5s-6)/(5s-4)} + m^{2/3}n^{2/3} + m + n), where s > 0 is a constant that bounds the maximum complexity of the regions of Σ, and where the O^*(⋅) notation hides subpolynomial factors. For s ≥ 3, surprisingly, this bound is smaller than the best-known bound for answering m such queries in an on-line manner. The latter takes O^*(m^{s/(2s-1)}n^{(2s-2)/(2s-1)} + m + n) time. Let Φ: Σ × P → {0,1} be the Boolean predicate (of constant complexity) such that Φ(σ,p) = 1 if p ∈ σ and 0 otherwise, and let Σ_Φ P = {(σ,p) ∈ Σ× P ∣ Φ(σ,p) = 1}. Our algorithm actually computes a partition ℬ_Φ of Σ_Φ P into bipartite cliques (bicliques) of size (i.e., sum of the sizes of the vertex sets of its bicliques) O^*(m^{2s/(5s-4)}n^{(5s-6)/(5s-4)} + m^{2/3}n^{2/3} + m + n). It is straightforward to compute w(P∩σ) for all σ ∈ Σ from ℬ_Φ. Similarly, if η: Σ → S is a weight function on the regions of Σ, ∑_{σ ∈ Σ: p ∈ σ} η(σ), for every point p ∈ P, can be computed from ℬ_Φ in a straightforward manner. We also mention a few other applications of computing ℬ_Φ. 
 Cite asPankaj K. Agarwal, Esther Ezra, and Micha Sharir. Semi-Algebraic Off-Line Range Searching and Biclique Partitions in the Plane. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 4:1-4:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{agarwal_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.4 author = {Agarwal, Pankaj K. and Ezra, Esther and Sharir, Micha}, title = {{Semi-Algebraic Off-Line Range Searching and Biclique Partitions in the Plane}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {4:1--4:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.4}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199497}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.4}, annote = {Keywords: Range-searching, semi-algebraic sets, pseudo-lines, duality, geometric cuttings} }@InProceedings{agarwal_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.4 author = {Agarwal, Pankaj K. and Ezra, Esther and Sharir, Micha}, title = {{Semi-Algebraic Off-Line Range Searching and Biclique Partitions in the Plane}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {4:1--4:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.4}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199497}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.4}, annote = {Keywords: Range-searching, semi-algebraic sets, pseudo-lines, duality, geometric cuttings} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.5" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.5
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.5/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.5.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.5" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.5" - Communication Complexity and Discrepancy of Halfplanes
Authors:Manasseh Ahmed, Tsun-Ming Cheung, Hamed Hatami, and Kusha Sareen 
 AbstractWe study the discrepancy of the following communication problem. Alice receives a halfplane, and Bob receives a point in the plane, and their goal is to determine whether Bob’s point belongs to Alice’s halfplane. This communication task corresponds to determining whether x₁y₁+y₂ ≥ x₂, where the first player knows (x₁,x₂) and the second player knows (y₁,y₂). Denoting n = m³, we show that when the inputs are chosen from [m] × [m²], the communication discrepancy of the above problem is O(n^{-1/6} log^{3/2} n). On the other hand, through the connections to the notion of hereditary discrepancy by Matoušek, Nikolov, and Tawler (IMRN 2020) and a classical result of Matoušek (Discrete Comput. Geom. 1995), we show that the communication discrepancy of every set of n points and n halfplanes is at least Ω(n^{-1/4} log^{-1} n). 
 Cite asManasseh Ahmed, Tsun-Ming Cheung, Hamed Hatami, and Kusha Sareen. Communication Complexity and Discrepancy of Halfplanes. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 5:1-5:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{ahmed_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.5 author = {Ahmed, Manasseh and Cheung, Tsun-Ming and Hatami, Hamed and Sareen, Kusha}, title = {{Communication Complexity and Discrepancy of Halfplanes}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {5:1--5:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.5}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199504}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.5}, annote = {Keywords: Randomized communication complexity, Discrepancy theory, factorization norm} }@InProceedings{ahmed_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.5 author = {Ahmed, Manasseh and Cheung, Tsun-Ming and Hatami, Hamed and Sareen, Kusha}, title = {{Communication Complexity and Discrepancy of Halfplanes}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {5:1--5:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.5}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199504}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.5}, annote = {Keywords: Randomized communication complexity, Discrepancy theory, factorization norm} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.6" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.6
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.6/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.6.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.6" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.6" - Probabilistic Analysis of Multiparameter Persistence Decompositions into Intervals
Authors:Ángel Javier Alonso, Michael Kerber, and Primoz Skraba 
 AbstractMultiparameter persistence modules can be uniquely decomposed into indecomposable summands. Among these indecomposables, intervals stand out for their simplicity, making them preferable for their ease of interpretation in practical applications and their computational efficiency. Empirical observations indicate that modules that decompose into only intervals are rare. To support this observation, we show that for numerous common multiparameter constructions, such as density- or degree-Rips bifiltrations, and across a general category of point samples, the probability of the homology-induced persistence module decomposing into intervals goes to zero as the sample size goes to infinity. 
 Cite asÁngel Javier Alonso, Michael Kerber, and Primoz Skraba. Probabilistic Analysis of Multiparameter Persistence Decompositions into Intervals. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 6:1-6:19, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{alonso_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.6 author = {Alonso, \'{A}ngel Javier and Kerber, Michael and Skraba, Primoz}, title = {{Probabilistic Analysis of Multiparameter Persistence Decompositions into Intervals}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {6:1--6:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.6}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199510}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.6}, annote = {Keywords: Topological Data Analysis, Multi-Parameter Persistence, Decomposition of persistence modules, Poisson point processes} }@InProceedings{alonso_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.6 author = {Alonso, \'{A}ngel Javier and Kerber, Michael and Skraba, Primoz}, title = {{Probabilistic Analysis of Multiparameter Persistence Decompositions into Intervals}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {6:1--6:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.6}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199510}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.6}, annote = {Keywords: Topological Data Analysis, Multi-Parameter Persistence, Decomposition of persistence modules, Poisson point processes} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.7" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.7
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.7/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.7.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.7" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.7" - ETH-Tight Algorithm for Cycle Packing on Unit Disk Graphs
Authors:Shinwoo An and Eunjin Oh 
 AbstractIn this paper, we consider the Cycle Packing problem on a unit disk graph defined as follows. Given a unit disk graph G with n vertices and an integer k, the goal is to find a set of k vertex-disjoint cycles of G if it exists. Our algorithm runs in time 2^O(√k) n^O(1). This improves the 2^O(√klog k) n^O(1)-time algorithm by Fomin et al. [SODA 2012, ICALP 2017]. Moreover, our algorithm is optimal assuming the exponential-time hypothesis. 
 Cite asShinwoo An and Eunjin Oh. ETH-Tight Algorithm for Cycle Packing on Unit Disk Graphs. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 7:1-7:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{an_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.7 author = {An, Shinwoo and Oh, Eunjin}, title = {{ETH-Tight Algorithm for Cycle Packing on Unit Disk Graphs}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {7:1--7:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.7}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199522}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.7}, annote = {Keywords: Unit disk graphs, cycle packing, tree decomposition, parameterized algorithm} }@InProceedings{an_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.7 author = {An, Shinwoo and Oh, Eunjin}, title = {{ETH-Tight Algorithm for Cycle Packing on Unit Disk Graphs}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {7:1--7:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.7}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199522}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.7}, annote = {Keywords: Unit disk graphs, cycle packing, tree decomposition, parameterized algorithm} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.8" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.8
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.8/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.8.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.8" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.8" - Eight-Partitioning Points in 3D, and Efficiently Too
Authors:Boris Aronov, Abdul Basit, Indu Ramesh, Gianluca Tasinato, and Uli Wagner 
 AbstractAn eight-partition of a finite set of points (respectively, of a continuous mass distribution) in ℝ³ consists of three planes that divide the space into 8 octants, such that each open octant contains at most 1/8 of the points (respectively, of the mass). In 1966, Hadwiger showed that any mass distribution in ℝ³ admits an eight-partition; moreover, one can prescribe the normal direction of one of the three planes. The analogous result for finite point sets follows by a standard limit argument. We prove the following variant of this result: Any mass distribution (or point set) in ℝ³ admits an eight-partition for which the intersection of two of the planes is a line with a prescribed direction. Moreover, we present an efficient algorithm for calculating an eight-partition of a set of n points in ℝ³ (with prescribed normal direction of one of the planes) in time O^*(n^{5/2}). 
 Cite asBoris Aronov, Abdul Basit, Indu Ramesh, Gianluca Tasinato, and Uli Wagner. Eight-Partitioning Points in 3D, and Efficiently Too. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 8:1-8:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{aronov_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.8 author = {Aronov, Boris and Basit, Abdul and Ramesh, Indu and Tasinato, Gianluca and Wagner, Uli}, title = {{Eight-Partitioning Points in 3D, and Efficiently Too}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {8:1--8:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.8}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199538}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.8}, annote = {Keywords: Mass partitions, partitions of points in three dimensions, Borsuk-Ulam Theorem, Ham-Sandwich Theorem} }@InProceedings{aronov_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.8 author = {Aronov, Boris and Basit, Abdul and Ramesh, Indu and Tasinato, Gianluca and Wagner, Uli}, title = {{Eight-Partitioning Points in 3D, and Efficiently Too}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {8:1--8:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.8}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199538}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.8}, annote = {Keywords: Mass partitions, partitions of points in three dimensions, Borsuk-Ulam Theorem, Ham-Sandwich Theorem} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.9" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.9
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.9/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.9.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.9" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.9" - A Clique-Based Separator for Intersection Graphs of Geodesic Disks in ℝ²
Authors:Boris Aronov, Mark de Berg, and Leonidas Theocharous 
 AbstractLet d be a (well-behaved) shortest-path metric defined on a path-connected subset of ℝ² and let 𝒟 = {D_1,…,D_n} be a set of geodesic disks with respect to the metric d. We prove that 𝒢^×(𝒟), the intersection graph of the disks in 𝒟, has a clique-based separator consisting of O(n^{3/4+ε}) cliques. This significantly extends the class of objects whose intersection graphs have small clique-based separators. Our clique-based separator yields an algorithm for q-Coloring that runs in time 2^O(n^{3/4+ε}), assuming the boundaries of the disks D_i can be computed in polynomial time. We also use our clique-based separator to obtain a simple, efficient, and almost exact distance oracle for intersection graphs of geodesic disks. Our distance oracle uses O(n^{7/4+ε}) storage and can report the hop distance between any two nodes in 𝒢^×(𝒟) in O(n^{3/4+ε}) time, up to an additive error of one. So far, distance oracles with an additive error of one that use subquadratic storage and sublinear query time were not known for such general graph classes. 
 Cite asBoris Aronov, Mark de Berg, and Leonidas Theocharous. A Clique-Based Separator for Intersection Graphs of Geodesic Disks in ℝ². In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 9:1-9:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{aronov_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.9 author = {Aronov, Boris and de Berg, Mark and Theocharous, Leonidas}, title = {{A Clique-Based Separator for Intersection Graphs of Geodesic Disks in \mathbb{R}²}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {9:1--9:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.9}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199540}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.9}, annote = {Keywords: Computational geometry, intersection graphs, separator theorems} }@InProceedings{aronov_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.9 author = {Aronov, Boris and de Berg, Mark and Theocharous, Leonidas}, title = {{A Clique-Based Separator for Intersection Graphs of Geodesic Disks in \mathbb{R}²}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {9:1--9:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.9}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199540}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.9}, annote = {Keywords: Computational geometry, intersection graphs, separator theorems} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.10" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.10
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.10/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.10.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.10" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.10" - Discrete Fréchet Distance Oracles
Authors:Boris Aronov, Tsuri Farhana, Matthew J. Katz, and Indu Ramesh 
 AbstractIt is unlikely that the discrete Fréchet distance between two curves of length n can be computed in strictly subquadratic time. We thus consider the setting where one of the curves, P, is known in advance. In particular, we wish to construct data structures (distance oracles) of near-linear size that support efficient distance queries with respect to P in sublinear time. Since there is evidence that this is impossible for query curves of length Θ(n^α), for any α > 0, we focus on query curves of (small) constant length, for which we are able to devise distance oracles with the desired bounds. We extend our tools to handle subcurves of the given curve, and even arbitrary vertex-to-vertex subcurves of a given geometric tree. That is, we construct an oracle that can quickly compute the distance between a short polygonal path (the query) and a path in the preprocessed tree between two query-specified vertices. Moreover, we define a new family of geometric graphs, t-local graphs (which strictly contains the family of geometric spanners with constant stretch), for which a similar oracle exists: we can preprocess a graph G in the family, so that, given a query segment and a pair u,v of vertices in G, one can quickly compute the smallest discrete Fréchet distance between the segment and any (u,v)-path in G. The answer is exact, if t = 1, and approximate if t > 1. 
 Cite asBoris Aronov, Tsuri Farhana, Matthew J. Katz, and Indu Ramesh. Discrete Fréchet Distance Oracles. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 10:1-10:14, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{aronov_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.10 author = {Aronov, Boris and Farhana, Tsuri and Katz, Matthew J. and Ramesh, Indu}, title = {{Discrete Fr\'{e}chet Distance Oracles}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {10:1--10:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.10}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199554}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.10}, annote = {Keywords: discrete Fr\'{e}chet distance, distance oracle, heavy-path decomposition, t-local graphs} }@InProceedings{aronov_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.10 author = {Aronov, Boris and Farhana, Tsuri and Katz, Matthew J. and Ramesh, Indu}, title = {{Discrete Fr\'{e}chet Distance Oracles}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {10:1--10:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.10}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199554}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.10}, annote = {Keywords: discrete Fr\'{e}chet distance, distance oracle, heavy-path decomposition, t-local graphs} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.11" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.11
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.11/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.11.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.11" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.11" - Tight Bounds for the Learning of Homotopy à la Niyogi, Smale, and Weinberger for Subsets of Euclidean Spaces and of Riemannian Manifolds
Authors:Dominique Attali, Hana Dal Poz Kouřimská, Christopher Fillmore, Ishika Ghosh, André Lieutier, Elizabeth Stephenson, and Mathijs Wintraecken 
 AbstractIn this article we extend and strengthen the seminal work by Niyogi, Smale, and Weinberger on the learning of the homotopy type from a sample of an underlying space. In their work, Niyogi, Smale, and Weinberger studied samples of C² manifolds with positive reach embedded in ℝ^d. We extend their results in the following ways: - As the ambient space we consider both ℝ^d and Riemannian manifolds with lower bounded sectional curvature. - In both types of ambient spaces, we study sets of positive reach - a significantly more general setting than C² manifolds - as well as general manifolds of positive reach. - The sample P of a set (or a manifold) 𝒮 of positive reach may be noisy. We work with two one-sided Hausdorff distances - ε and δ - between P and 𝒮. We provide tight bounds in terms of ε and δ, that guarantee that there exists a parameter r such that the union of balls of radius r centred at the sample P deformation-retracts to 𝒮. We exhibit their tightness by an explicit construction. We carefully distinguish the roles of δ and ε. This is not only essential to achieve tight bounds, but also sensible in practical situations, since it allows one to adapt the bound according to sample density and the amount of noise present in the sample separately. 
 Cite asDominique Attali, Hana Dal Poz Kouřimská, Christopher Fillmore, Ishika Ghosh, André Lieutier, Elizabeth Stephenson, and Mathijs Wintraecken. Tight Bounds for the Learning of Homotopy à la Niyogi, Smale, and Weinberger for Subsets of Euclidean Spaces and of Riemannian Manifolds. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 11:1-11:19, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{attali_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.11 author = {Attali, Dominique and Dal Poz Kou\v{r}imsk\'{a}, Hana and Fillmore, Christopher and Ghosh, Ishika and Lieutier, Andr\'{e} and Stephenson, Elizabeth and Wintraecken, Mathijs}, title = {{Tight Bounds for the Learning of Homotopy \`{a} la Niyogi, Smale, and Weinberger for Subsets of Euclidean Spaces and of Riemannian Manifolds}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {11:1--11:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.11}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199565}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.11}, annote = {Keywords: Homotopy, Inference, Sets of positive reach} }@InProceedings{attali_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.11 author = {Attali, Dominique and Dal Poz Kou\v{r}imsk\'{a}, Hana and Fillmore, Christopher and Ghosh, Ishika and Lieutier, Andr\'{e} and Stephenson, Elizabeth and Wintraecken, Mathijs}, title = {{Tight Bounds for the Learning of Homotopy \`{a} la Niyogi, Smale, and Weinberger for Subsets of Euclidean Spaces and of Riemannian Manifolds}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {11:1--11:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.11}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199565}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.11}, annote = {Keywords: Homotopy, Inference, Sets of positive reach} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.12" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.12
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.12/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.12.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.12" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.12" - An O(n log n)-Time Approximation Scheme for Geometric Many-To-Many Matching
Authors:Sayan Bandyapadhyay and Jie Xue 
 AbstractGeometric matching is an important topic in computational geometry and has been extensively studied over decades. In this paper, we study a geometric-matching problem, known as geometric many-to-many matching. In this problem, the input is a set S of n colored points in ℝ^d, which implicitly defines a graph G = (S,E(S)) where E(S) = {(p,q): p,q ∈ S have different colors}, and the goal is to compute a minimum-cost subset E^* ⊆ E(S) of edges that cover all points in S. Here the cost of E^* is the sum of the costs of all edges in E^*, where the cost of a single edge e is the Euclidean distance (or more generally, the L_p-distance) between the two endpoints of e. Our main result is a (1+ε)-approximation algorithm with an optimal running time O_ε(n log n) for geometric many-to-many matching in any fixed dimension, which works under any L_p-norm. This is the first near-linear approximation scheme for the problem in any d ≥ 2. Prior to this work, only the bipartite case of geometric many-to-many matching was considered in ℝ¹ and ℝ², and the best known approximation scheme in ℝ² takes O_ε(n^{1.5} ⋅ poly(log n)) time. 
 Cite asSayan Bandyapadhyay and Jie Xue. An O(n log n)-Time Approximation Scheme for Geometric Many-To-Many Matching. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 12:1-12:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{bandyapadhyay_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.12 author = {Bandyapadhyay, Sayan and Xue, Jie}, title = {{An O(n log n)-Time Approximation Scheme for Geometric Many-To-Many Matching}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {12:1--12:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.12}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199577}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.12}, annote = {Keywords: many-to-many matching, geometric optimization, approximation algorithms} }@InProceedings{bandyapadhyay_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.12 author = {Bandyapadhyay, Sayan and Xue, Jie}, title = {{An O(n log n)-Time Approximation Scheme for Geometric Many-To-Many Matching}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {12:1--12:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.12}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199577}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.12}, annote = {Keywords: many-to-many matching, geometric optimization, approximation algorithms} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.13" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.13
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.13/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.13.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.13" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.13" - Topological k-Metrics
Authors:Willow Barkan, Huck Bennett, and Amir Nayyeri 
 AbstractMetric spaces (X, d) are ubiquitous objects in mathematics and computer science that allow for capturing pairwise distance relationships d(x, y) between points x, y ∈ X. Because of this, it is natural to ask what useful generalizations there are of metric spaces for capturing "k-wise distance relationships" d(x_1, …, x_k) among points x_1, …, x_k ∈ X for k > 2. To that end, Gähler (Math. Nachr., 1963) (and perhaps others even earlier) defined k-metric spaces, which generalize metric spaces, and most notably generalize the triangle inequality d(x₁, x₂) ≤ d(x₁, y) + d(y, x₂) to the "simplex inequality" d(x_1, …, x_k) ≤ ∑_{i=1}^k d(x_1, …, x_{i-1}, y, x_{i+1}, …, x_k). (The definition holds for any fixed k ≥ 2, and a 2-metric space is just a (standard) metric space.) In this work, we introduce strong k-metric spaces, k-metric spaces that satisfy a topological condition stronger than the simplex inequality, which makes them "behave nicely." We also introduce coboundary k-metrics, which generalize 𝓁_p metrics (and in fact all finite metric spaces induced by norms) and minimum bounding chain k-metrics, which generalize shortest path metrics (and capture all strong k-metrics). Using these definitions, we prove analogs of a number of fundamental results about embedding finite metric spaces including Fréchet embedding (isometric embedding into 𝓁_∞) and isometric embedding of all tree metrics into 𝓁₁. We also study relationships between families of (strong) k-metrics, and show that natural quantities, like simplex volume, are strong k-metrics. 
 Cite asWillow Barkan, Huck Bennett, and Amir Nayyeri. Topological k-Metrics. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 13:1-13:13, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{barkan_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.13 author = {Barkan, Willow and Bennett, Huck and Nayyeri, Amir}, title = {{Topological k-Metrics}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {13:1--13:13}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.13}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199585}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.13}, annote = {Keywords: k-metrics, metric embeddings, computational topology, simplicial complexes} }@InProceedings{barkan_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.13 author = {Barkan, Willow and Bennett, Huck and Nayyeri, Amir}, title = {{Topological k-Metrics}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {13:1--13:13}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.13}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199585}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.13}, annote = {Keywords: k-metrics, metric embeddings, computational topology, simplicial complexes} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.14" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.14
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.14/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.14.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.14" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.14" - Totally Geodesic Surfaces in Hyperbolic 3-Manifolds: Algorithms and Examples
Authors:Brannon Basilio, Chaeryn Lee, and Joseph Malionek 
 AbstractFinding a totally geodesic surface, an embedded surface where the geodesics in the surface are also geodesics in the surrounding manifold, has been a problem of interest in the study of 3-manifolds. This has especially been of interest in hyperbolic 3-manifolds and knot complements, complements of piecewise-linearly embedded circles in the 3-sphere. This is due to Menasco-Reid’s conjecture stating that hyperbolic knot complements do not contain such surfaces. Here, we present an algorithm that determines whether a given surface is totally geodesic and an algorithm that checks whether a given 3-manifold contains a totally geodesic surface. We applied our algorithm on over 150,000 3-manifolds and discovered nine 3-manifolds with totally geodesic surfaces. Additionally, we verified Menasco-Reid’s conjecture for knots up to 12 crossings. 
 Cite asBrannon Basilio, Chaeryn Lee, and Joseph Malionek. Totally Geodesic Surfaces in Hyperbolic 3-Manifolds: Algorithms and Examples. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 14:1-14:19, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{basilio_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.14 author = {Basilio, Brannon and Lee, Chaeryn and Malionek, Joseph}, title = {{Totally Geodesic Surfaces in Hyperbolic 3-Manifolds: Algorithms and Examples}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {14:1--14:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.14}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199593}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.14}, annote = {Keywords: totally geodesic, Fuchsian group, hyperbolic, knot complement, computational topology, low-dimensional topology} }@InProceedings{basilio_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.14 author = {Basilio, Brannon and Lee, Chaeryn and Malionek, Joseph}, title = {{Totally Geodesic Surfaces in Hyperbolic 3-Manifolds: Algorithms and Examples}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {14:1--14:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.14}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199593}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.14}, annote = {Keywords: totally geodesic, Fuchsian group, hyperbolic, knot complement, computational topology, low-dimensional topology} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.15" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.15
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.15/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.15.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.15" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.15" - Wrapping Cycles in Delaunay Complexes: Bridging Persistent Homology and Discrete Morse Theory
Authors:Ulrich Bauer and Fabian Roll 
 AbstractWe study the connection between discrete Morse theory and persistent homology in the context of shape reconstruction methods. Specifically, we consider the construction of Wrap complexes, introduced by Edelsbrunner as a subcomplex of the Delaunay complex, and the construction of lexicographic optimal homologous cycles, also considered by Cohen–Steiner, Lieutier, and Vuillamy in a similar setting. We show that for any cycle in a Delaunay complex for a given radius parameter, the lexicographically optimal homologous cycle is supported on the Wrap complex for the same parameter, thereby establishing a close connection between the two methods. We obtain this result by establishing a fundamental connection between reduction of cycles in the computation of persistent homology and gradient flows in the algebraic generalization of discrete Morse theory. 
 Cite asUlrich Bauer and Fabian Roll. Wrapping Cycles in Delaunay Complexes: Bridging Persistent Homology and Discrete Morse Theory. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 15:1-15:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{bauer_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.15 author = {Bauer, Ulrich and Roll, Fabian}, title = {{Wrapping Cycles in Delaunay Complexes: Bridging Persistent Homology and Discrete Morse Theory}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {15:1--15:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.15}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199600}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.15}, annote = {Keywords: persistent homology, discrete Morse theory, apparent pairs, Wrap complex, lexicographic optimal chains, shape reconstruction} }@InProceedings{bauer_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.15 author = {Bauer, Ulrich and Roll, Fabian}, title = {{Wrapping Cycles in Delaunay Complexes: Bridging Persistent Homology and Discrete Morse Theory}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {15:1--15:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.15}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199600}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.15}, annote = {Keywords: persistent homology, discrete Morse theory, apparent pairs, Wrap complex, lexicographic optimal chains, shape reconstruction} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.16" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.16
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.16/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.16.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.16" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.16" - A Coreset for Approximate Furthest-Neighbor Queries in a Simple Polygon
Authors:Mark de Berg and Leonidas Theocharous 
 AbstractLet 𝒫 be a simple polygon with m vertices and let P be a set of n points inside 𝒫. We prove that there exists, for any ε > 0, a set C ⊂ P of size O(1/ε²) such that the following holds: for any query point q inside the polygon 𝒫, the geodesic distance from q to its furthest neighbor in C is at least 1-ε times the geodesic distance to its further neighbor in P. Thus the set C can be used for answering ε-approximate furthest-neighbor queries with a data structure whose storage requirement is independent of the size of P. The coreset can be constructed in O(1/(ε) (nlog(1/ε) + (n+m)log(n+m))) time. 
 Cite asMark de Berg and Leonidas Theocharous. A Coreset for Approximate Furthest-Neighbor Queries in a Simple Polygon. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 16:1-16:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{deberg_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.16 author = {de Berg, Mark and Theocharous, Leonidas}, title = {{A Coreset for Approximate Furthest-Neighbor Queries in a Simple Polygon}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {16:1--16:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.16}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199613}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.16}, annote = {Keywords: Furthest-neighbor queries, polygons, geodesic distance, coreset} }@InProceedings{deberg_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.16 author = {de Berg, Mark and Theocharous, Leonidas}, title = {{A Coreset for Approximate Furthest-Neighbor Queries in a Simple Polygon}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {16:1--16:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.16}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199613}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.16}, annote = {Keywords: Furthest-neighbor queries, polygons, geodesic distance, coreset} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.17" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.17
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.17/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.17.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.17" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.17" - Towards Space Efficient Two-Point Shortest Path Queries in a Polygonal Domain
Authors:Sarita de Berg, Tillmann Miltzow, and Frank Staals 
 AbstractWe devise a data structure that can answer shortest path queries for two query points in a polygonal domain P on n vertices. For any ε > 0, the space complexity of the data structure is O(n^{10+ε}) and queries can be answered in O(log n) time. Alternatively, we can achieve a space complexity of O(n^{9+ε}) by relaxing the query time to O(log² n). This is the first improvement upon a conference paper by Chiang and Mitchell from 1999. They presented a data structure with O(n^{11}) space complexity and O(log n) query time. Our main result can be extended to include a space-time trade-off. Specifically, we devise data structures with O(n^{9+ε}/𝓁^{4+O(ε)}) space complexity and O(𝓁 log² n) query time, for any integer 1 ≤ 𝓁 ≤ n. Furthermore, we present improved data structures for the special case where we restrict one (or both) of the query points to lie on the boundary of P. When one of the query points is restricted to lie on the boundary, and the other query point is unrestricted, the space complexity becomes O(n^{6+ε}) and the query time O(log²n). When both query points are on the boundary, the space complexity is decreased further to O(n^{4+ε}) and the query time to O(log n), thereby improving an earlier result of Bae and Okamoto. 
 Cite asSarita de Berg, Tillmann Miltzow, and Frank Staals. Towards Space Efficient Two-Point Shortest Path Queries in a Polygonal Domain. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 17:1-17:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{deberg_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.17 author = {de Berg, Sarita and Miltzow, Tillmann and Staals, Frank}, title = {{Towards Space Efficient Two-Point Shortest Path Queries in a Polygonal Domain}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {17:1--17:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.17}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199628}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.17}, annote = {Keywords: data structure, polygonal domain, geodesic distance} }@InProceedings{deberg_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.17 author = {de Berg, Sarita and Miltzow, Tillmann and Staals, Frank}, title = {{Towards Space Efficient Two-Point Shortest Path Queries in a Polygonal Domain}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {17:1--17:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.17}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199628}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.17}, annote = {Keywords: data structure, polygonal domain, geodesic distance} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.18" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.18
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.18/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.18.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.18" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.18" - Plane Hamiltonian Cycles in Convex Drawings
Authors:Helena Bergold, Stefan Felsner, Meghana M. Reddy, Joachim Orthaber, and Manfred Scheucher 
 AbstractA conjecture by Rafla from 1988 asserts that every simple drawing of the complete graph K_n admits a plane Hamiltonian cycle. It turned out that already the existence of much simpler non-crossing substructures in such drawings is hard to prove. Recent progress was made by Aichholzer et al. and by Suk and Zeng who proved the existence of a plane path of length Ω(log n / log log n) and of a plane matching of size Ω(n^{1/2}) in every simple drawing of K_n. Instead of studying simpler substructures, we prove Rafla’s conjecture for the subclass of convex drawings, the most general class in the convexity hierarchy introduced by Arroyo et al. Moreover, we show that every convex drawing of K_n contains a plane Hamiltonian path between each pair of vertices (Hamiltonian connectivity) and a plane k-cycle for each 3 ≤ k ≤ n (pancyclicity), and present further results on maximal plane subdrawings. 
 Cite asHelena Bergold, Stefan Felsner, Meghana M. Reddy, Joachim Orthaber, and Manfred Scheucher. Plane Hamiltonian Cycles in Convex Drawings. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 18:1-18:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{bergold_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.18 author = {Bergold, Helena and Felsner, Stefan and M. Reddy, Meghana and Orthaber, Joachim and Scheucher, Manfred}, title = {{Plane Hamiltonian Cycles in Convex Drawings}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {18:1--18:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.18}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199630}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.18}, annote = {Keywords: simple drawing, convexity hierarchy, plane pancyclicity, plane Hamiltonian connectivity, maximal plane subdrawing} }@InProceedings{bergold_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.18 author = {Bergold, Helena and Felsner, Stefan and M. Reddy, Meghana and Orthaber, Joachim and Scheucher, Manfred}, title = {{Plane Hamiltonian Cycles in Convex Drawings}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {18:1--18:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.18}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199630}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.18}, annote = {Keywords: simple drawing, convexity hierarchy, plane pancyclicity, plane Hamiltonian connectivity, maximal plane subdrawing} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.19" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.19
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.19/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.19.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.19" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.19" - Fully Dynamic Maximum Independent Sets of Disks in Polylogarithmic Update Time
Authors:Sujoy Bhore, Martin Nöllenburg, Csaba D. Tóth, and Jules Wulms 
 AbstractA fundamental question is whether one can maintain a maximum independent set (MIS) in polylogarithmic update time for a dynamic collection of geometric objects in Euclidean space. For a set of intervals, it is known that no dynamic algorithm can maintain an exact MIS in sublinear update time. Therefore, the typical objective is to explore the trade-off between update time and solution size. Substantial efforts have been made in recent years to understand this question for various families of geometric objects, such as intervals, hypercubes, hyperrectangles, and fat objects. We present the first fully dynamic approximation algorithm for disks of arbitrary radii in the plane that maintains a constant-factor approximate MIS in polylogarithmic expected amortized update time. Moreover, for a fully dynamic set of n unit disks in the plane, we show that a 12-approximate MIS can be maintained with worst-case update time O(log n), and optimal output-sensitive reporting. This result generalizes to fat objects of comparable sizes in any fixed dimension d, where the approximation ratio depends on the dimension and the fatness parameter. Further, we note that, even for a dynamic set of disks of unit radius in the plane, it is impossible to maintain O(1+ε)-approximate MIS in truly sublinear update time, under standard complexity assumptions. Our results build on two recent technical tools: (i) The MIX algorithm by Cardinal et al. (ESA 2021) that can smoothly transition from one independent set to another; hence it suffices to maintain a family of independent sets where the largest one is an O(1)-approximate MIS. (ii) A dynamic nearest/farthest neighbor data structure for disks by Kaplan et al. (DCG 2020) and Liu (SICOMP 2022), which generalizes the dynamic convex hull data structure by Chan (JACM 2010), and quickly yields a "replacement" disk (if any) when a disk in one of our independent sets is deleted. 
 Cite asSujoy Bhore, Martin Nöllenburg, Csaba D. Tóth, and Jules Wulms. Fully Dynamic Maximum Independent Sets of Disks in Polylogarithmic Update Time. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 19:1-19:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{bhore_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.19 author = {Bhore, Sujoy and N\"{o}llenburg, Martin and T\'{o}th, Csaba D. and Wulms, Jules}, title = {{Fully Dynamic Maximum Independent Sets of Disks in Polylogarithmic Update Time}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {19:1--19:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.19}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199649}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.19}, annote = {Keywords: Dynamic algorithm, Independent set, Geometric intersection graph} }@InProceedings{bhore_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.19 author = {Bhore, Sujoy and N\"{o}llenburg, Martin and T\'{o}th, Csaba D. and Wulms, Jules}, title = {{Fully Dynamic Maximum Independent Sets of Disks in Polylogarithmic Update Time}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {19:1--19:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.19}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199649}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.19}, annote = {Keywords: Dynamic algorithm, Independent set, Geometric intersection graph} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.20" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.20
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.20/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.20.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.20" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.20" - Constrained and Ordered Level Planarity Parameterized by the Number of Levels
Authors:Václav Blažej, Boris Klemz, Felix Klesen, Marie Diana Sieper, Alexander Wolff, and Johannes Zink 
 AbstractThe problem Level Planarity asks for a crossing-free drawing of a graph in the plane such that vertices are placed at prescribed y-coordinates (called levels) and such that every edge is realized as a y-monotone curve. In the variant Constrained Level Planarity (CLP), each level y is equipped with a partial order ≺_y on its vertices and in the desired drawing the left-to-right order of vertices on level y has to be a linear extension of ≺_y. Ordered Level Planarity (OLP) corresponds to the special case of CLP where the given partial orders ≺_y are total orders. Previous results by Brückner and Rutter [SODA 2017] and Klemz and Rote [ACM Trans. Alg. 2019] state that both CLP and OLP are NP-hard even in severely restricted cases. In particular, they remain NP-hard even when restricted to instances whose width (the maximum number of vertices that may share a common level) is at most two. In this paper, we focus on the other dimension: we study the parameterized complexity of CLP and OLP with respect to the height (the number of levels). We show that OLP parameterized by the height is complete with respect to the complexity class XNLP, which was first studied by Elberfeld, Stockhusen, and Tantau [Algorithmica 2015] (under a different name) and recently made more prominent by Bodlaender, Groenland, Nederlof, and Swennenhuis [FOCS 2021]. It contains all parameterized problems that can be solved nondeterministically in time f(k)⋅ n^O(1) and space f(k)⋅ log n (where f is a computable function, n is the input size, and k is the parameter). If a problem is XNLP-complete, it lies in XP, but is W[t]-hard for every t. In contrast to the fact that OLP parameterized by the height lies in XP, it turns out that CLP is NP-hard even when restricted to instances of height 4. We complement this result by showing that CLP can be solved in polynomial time for instances of height at most 3. 
 Cite asVáclav Blažej, Boris Klemz, Felix Klesen, Marie Diana Sieper, Alexander Wolff, and Johannes Zink. Constrained and Ordered Level Planarity Parameterized by the Number of Levels. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 20:1-20:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{blazej_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.20 author = {Bla\v{z}ej, V\'{a}clav and Klemz, Boris and Klesen, Felix and Sieper, Marie Diana and Wolff, Alexander and Zink, Johannes}, title = {{Constrained and Ordered Level Planarity Parameterized by the Number of Levels}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {20:1--20:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.20}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199652}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.20}, annote = {Keywords: Parameterized Complexity, Graph Drawing, XNLP, XP, W\lbrackt\rbrack-hard, Level Planarity, Planar Poset Diagram, Computational Geometry} }@InProceedings{blazej_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.20 author = {Bla\v{z}ej, V\'{a}clav and Klemz, Boris and Klesen, Felix and Sieper, Marie Diana and Wolff, Alexander and Zink, Johannes}, title = {{Constrained and Ordered Level Planarity Parameterized by the Number of Levels}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {20:1--20:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.20}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199652}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.20}, annote = {Keywords: Parameterized Complexity, Graph Drawing, XNLP, XP, W\lbrackt\rbrack-hard, Level Planarity, Planar Poset Diagram, Computational Geometry} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.21" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.21
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.21/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.21.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.21" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.21" - On Edge Collapse of Random Simplicial Complexes
Authors:Jean-Daniel Boissonnat, Kunal Dutta, Soumik Dutta, and Siddharth Pritam 
 AbstractWe consider the edge collapse (introduced in [Boissonnat, Pritam. SoCG 2020]) process on the Erdős-Rényi random clique complex X(n,c/√n) on n vertices with edge probability c/√n such that c > √η₂ where η₂ = inf{η | x = e^{-η(1-x)²} has a solution in (0,1)}. For a given c > √η₂, we show that after t iterations of maximal edge collapsing phases, the remaining subcomplex, or t-core, has at most (1+o(1))binom(n,2)p(1-(c²/3)(1-(1-γ_t)³)) and at least (1+o(1)) binom(n,2) p(1-γ_{t+1}-c²γ_t(1-γ_t)²) edges asymptotically almost surely (a.a.s.), where {γ_t}_{t ≥ 0} is recursively determined by γ_{t+1} = e^{-c²(1-γ_t)²} and γ_0 = 0. We also determine the upper and lower bound on the final core with explicit formulas. If c < √{η₂} then we show that the final core contains o(n√n) edges. On the other hand, if, instead of c being a constant with respect to n, c > √{2log n} then the edge collapse process is no more effective in reducing the size of the complex. Our proof is based on the notion of local weak convergence [Aldous, Steele. In Probability on discrete structures. Springer, 2004] together with two new components. Firstly, we identify the critical combinatorial structures that control the outcome of the edge collapse process. By controlling the expected number of these structures during the edge collapse process we establish a.a.s. bounds on the size of the core. We also give a new concentration inequality for typically Lipschitz functions on random graphs which improves on the bound of [Warnke. Combinatorics, Probability and Computing, 2016] and is, therefore, of independent interest. The proof of our lower bound is via the recursive technique of [Linial and Peled. A Journey Through Discrete Mathematics. 2017] to simulate cycles in infinite trees. These are the first theoretical results proved for edge collapses on random (or non-random) simplicial complexes. 
 Cite asJean-Daniel Boissonnat, Kunal Dutta, Soumik Dutta, and Siddharth Pritam. On Edge Collapse of Random Simplicial Complexes. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 21:1-21:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{boissonnat_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.21 author = {Boissonnat, Jean-Daniel and Dutta, Kunal and Dutta, Soumik and Pritam, Siddharth}, title = {{On Edge Collapse of Random Simplicial Complexes}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {21:1--21:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.21}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199661}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.21}, annote = {Keywords: Computational Topology, Topological Data Analysis, Strong Collapse, Simple Collapse, Persistent homology, Random simplicial complexes} }@InProceedings{boissonnat_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.21 author = {Boissonnat, Jean-Daniel and Dutta, Kunal and Dutta, Soumik and Pritam, Siddharth}, title = {{On Edge Collapse of Random Simplicial Complexes}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {21:1--21:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.21}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199661}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.21}, annote = {Keywords: Computational Topology, Topological Data Analysis, Strong Collapse, Simple Collapse, Persistent homology, Random simplicial complexes} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.22" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.22
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.22/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.22.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.22" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.22" - Reconfiguration of Plane Trees in Convex Geometric Graphs
Authors:Nicolas Bousquet, Lucas de Meyer, Théo Pierron, and Alexandra Wesolek 
 AbstractA non-crossing spanning tree of a set of points in the plane is a spanning tree whose edges pairwise do not cross. Avis and Fukuda in 1996 proved that there always exists a flip sequence of length at most 2n-4 between any pair of non-crossing spanning trees (where n denotes the number of points). Hernando et al. proved that the length of a minimal flip sequence can be of length at least (3/2) n. Two recent results of Aichholzer et al. and Bousquet et al. improved the Avis and Fukuda upper bound by proving that there always exists a flip sequence of length respectively at most 2n-log n and 2n-√n when the points are in convex position. We pursue the investigation of the convex case by improving the upper bound by a linear factor for the first time in 30 years. We prove that there always exists a flip sequence between any pair of non-crossing spanning trees T₁,T₂ of length at most c n where c ≈ 1.95. Our result is actually stronger since we prove that, for any two trees T₁,T₂, there exists a flip sequence from T₁ to T₂ of length at most c |T₁ ⧵ T₂|. We also improve the best lower bound in terms of the symmetric difference by proving that there exists a pair of trees T₁,T₂ such that a minimal flip sequence has length (5/3) |T₁ ⧵ T₂|, improving the lower bound of Hernando et al. by considering the symmetric difference instead of the number of vertices. We generalize this lower bound construction to non-crossing flips (where we close the gap between upper and lower bounds) and rotations. 
 Cite asNicolas Bousquet, Lucas de Meyer, Théo Pierron, and Alexandra Wesolek. Reconfiguration of Plane Trees in Convex Geometric Graphs. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 22:1-22:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{bousquet_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.22 author = {Bousquet, Nicolas and de Meyer, Lucas and Pierron, Th\'{e}o and Wesolek, Alexandra}, title = {{Reconfiguration of Plane Trees in Convex Geometric Graphs}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {22:1--22:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.22}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199673}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.22}, annote = {Keywords: Reconfiguration, Non-crossing trees, flip distance} }@InProceedings{bousquet_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.22 author = {Bousquet, Nicolas and de Meyer, Lucas and Pierron, Th\'{e}o and Wesolek, Alexandra}, title = {{Reconfiguration of Plane Trees in Convex Geometric Graphs}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {22:1--22:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.22}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199673}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.22}, annote = {Keywords: Reconfiguration, Non-crossing trees, flip distance} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.23" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.23
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.23/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.23.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.23" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.23" - A Canonical Tree Decomposition for Chirotopes
Authors:Mathilde Bouvel, Valentin Feray, Xavier Goaoc, and Florent Koechlin 
 AbstractWe introduce and study a notion of decomposition of planar point sets (or rather of their chirotopes) as trees decorated by smaller chirotopes. This decomposition is based on the concept of mutually avoiding sets, and adapts in some sense the modular decomposition of graphs in the world of chirotopes. The associated tree always exists and is unique up to some appropriate constraints. We also show how to compute the number of triangulations of a chirotope efficiently, starting from its tree and the (weighted) numbers of triangulations of its parts. 
 Cite asMathilde Bouvel, Valentin Feray, Xavier Goaoc, and Florent Koechlin. A Canonical Tree Decomposition for Chirotopes. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 23:1-23:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{bouvel_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.23 author = {Bouvel, Mathilde and Feray, Valentin and Goaoc, Xavier and Koechlin, Florent}, title = {{A Canonical Tree Decomposition for Chirotopes}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {23:1--23:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.23}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199680}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.23}, annote = {Keywords: Order type, modular decomposition, counting triangulations, mutually avoiding point sets, generating functions, rewriting systems} }@InProceedings{bouvel_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.23 author = {Bouvel, Mathilde and Feray, Valentin and Goaoc, Xavier and Koechlin, Florent}, title = {{A Canonical Tree Decomposition for Chirotopes}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {23:1--23:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.23}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199680}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.23}, annote = {Keywords: Order type, modular decomposition, counting triangulations, mutually avoiding point sets, generating functions, rewriting systems} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.24" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.24
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.24/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.24.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.24" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.24" - Dynamic Convex Hulls for Simple Paths
Authors:Bruce Brewer, Gerth Stølting Brodal, and Haitao Wang 
 AbstractWe consider two restricted cases of the planar dynamic convex hull problem with point insertions and deletions. We assume all updates are performed on a deque (double-ended queue) of points. The first case considers the monotonic path case, where all points are sorted in a given direction, say horizontally left-to-right, and only the leftmost and rightmost points can be inserted and deleted. The second case, which is more general, assumes that the points in the deque constitute a simple path. For both cases, we present solutions supporting deque insertions and deletions in worst-case constant time and standard queries on the convex hull of the points in O(log n) time, where n is the number of points in the current point set. The convex hull of the current point set can be reported in O(h+log n) time, where h is the number of edges of the convex hull. For the 1-sided monotone path case, where updates are only allowed on one side, the reporting time can be reduced to O(h), and queries on the convex hull are supported in O(log h) time. All our time bounds are worst case. In addition, we prove lower bounds that match these time bounds, and thus our results are optimal. 
 Cite asBruce Brewer, Gerth Stølting Brodal, and Haitao Wang. Dynamic Convex Hulls for Simple Paths. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 24:1-24:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{brewer_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.24 author = {Brewer, Bruce and Brodal, Gerth St{\o}lting and Wang, Haitao}, title = {{Dynamic Convex Hulls for Simple Paths}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {24:1--24:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.24}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199699}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.24}, annote = {Keywords: Dynamic convex hull, convex hull queries, simple paths, path updates, deque} }@InProceedings{brewer_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.24 author = {Brewer, Bruce and Brodal, Gerth St{\o}lting and Wang, Haitao}, title = {{Dynamic Convex Hulls for Simple Paths}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {24:1--24:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.24}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199699}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.24}, annote = {Keywords: Dynamic convex hull, convex hull queries, simple paths, path updates, deque} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.25" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.25
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.25/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.25.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.25" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.25" - Fine-Grained Complexity of Earth Mover’s Distance Under Translation
Authors:Karl Bringmann, Frank Staals, Karol Węgrzycki, and Geert van Wordragen 
 AbstractThe Earth Mover’s Distance is a popular similarity measure in several branches of computer science. It measures the minimum total edge length of a perfect matching between two point sets. The Earth Mover’s Distance under Translation (EMDuT) is a translation-invariant version thereof. It minimizes the Earth Mover’s Distance over all translations of one point set. For EMDuT in ℝ¹, we present an 𝒪̃(n²)-time algorithm. We also show that this algorithm is nearly optimal by presenting a matching conditional lower bound based on the Orthogonal Vectors Hypothesis. For EMDuT in ℝ^d, we present an 𝒪̃(n^{2d+2})-time algorithm for the L₁ and L_∞ metric. We show that this dependence on d is asymptotically tight, as an n^o(d)-time algorithm for L_1 or L_∞ would contradict the Exponential Time Hypothesis (ETH). Prior to our work, only approximation algorithms were known for these problems. 
 Cite asKarl Bringmann, Frank Staals, Karol Węgrzycki, and Geert van Wordragen. Fine-Grained Complexity of Earth Mover’s Distance Under Translation. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 25:1-25:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{bringmann_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.25 author = {Bringmann, Karl and Staals, Frank and W\k{e}grzycki, Karol and van Wordragen, Geert}, title = {{Fine-Grained Complexity of Earth Mover’s Distance Under Translation}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {25:1--25:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.25}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199706}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.25}, annote = {Keywords: Earth Mover’s Distance, Earth Mover’s Distance under Translation, Fine-Grained Complexity, Maximum Weight Bipartite Matching} }@InProceedings{bringmann_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.25 author = {Bringmann, Karl and Staals, Frank and W\k{e}grzycki, Karol and van Wordragen, Geert}, title = {{Fine-Grained Complexity of Earth Mover’s Distance Under Translation}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {25:1--25:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.25}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199706}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.25}, annote = {Keywords: Earth Mover’s Distance, Earth Mover’s Distance under Translation, Fine-Grained Complexity, Maximum Weight Bipartite Matching} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.26" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.26
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.26/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.26.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.26" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.26" - Approximating the Geometric Knapsack Problem in Near-Linear Time and Dynamically
Authors:Moritz Buchem, Paul Deuker, and Andreas Wiese 
 AbstractOne important goal in algorithm design is determining the best running time for solving a problem (approximately). For some problems, we know the optimal running time, assuming certain conditional lower bounds. In this paper, we study the d-dimensional geometric knapsack problem in which we are far from this level of understanding. We are given a set of weighted d-dimensional geometric items like squares, rectangles, or hypercubes and a knapsack which is a square or a (hyper-)cube. Our goal is to select a subset of the given items that fit non-overlappingly inside the knapsack, maximizing the total profit of the packed items. We make a significant step towards determining the best running time for solving these problems approximately by presenting approximation algorithms whose running times are near-linear, i.e., O(n⋅poly(log n)), for any constant d and any parameter ε > 0 (the exponent of log n depends on d and 1/ε). In the case of (hyper)-cubes, we present a (1+ε)-approximation algorithm. This improves drastically upon the currently best known algorithm which is a (1+ε)-approximation algorithm with a running time of n^{O_{ε,d}(1)} where the exponent of n depends exponentially on 1/ε and d. In particular, our algorithm is an efficient polynomial time approximation scheme (EPTAS). Moreover, we present a (2+ε)-approximation algorithm for rectangles in the setting without rotations and a (17/9+ε)≈ 1.89-approximation algorithm if we allow rotations by 90 degrees. The best known polynomial time algorithms for this setting have approximation ratios of 17/9+ε and 1.5+ε, respectively, and running times in which the exponent of n depends exponentially on 1/ε. In addition, we give dynamic algorithms with polylogarithmic query and update times, having the same approximation guarantees as our other algorithms above. Key to our results is a new family of structured packings which we call easily guessable packings. They are flexible enough to guarantee the existence of profitable solutions while providing enough structure so that we can compute these solutions very quickly. 
 Cite asMoritz Buchem, Paul Deuker, and Andreas Wiese. Approximating the Geometric Knapsack Problem in Near-Linear Time and Dynamically. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 26:1-26:14, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{buchem_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.26 author = {Buchem, Moritz and Deuker, Paul and Wiese, Andreas}, title = {{Approximating the Geometric Knapsack Problem in Near-Linear Time and Dynamically}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {26:1--26:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.26}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199716}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.26}, annote = {Keywords: Geometric packing, approximation algorithms, dynamic algorithms} }@InProceedings{buchem_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.26 author = {Buchem, Moritz and Deuker, Paul and Wiese, Andreas}, title = {{Approximating the Geometric Knapsack Problem in Near-Linear Time and Dynamically}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {26:1--26:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.26}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199716}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.26}, annote = {Keywords: Geometric packing, approximation algorithms, dynamic algorithms} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.27" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.27
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.27/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.27.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.27" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.27" - Map-Matching Queries Under Fréchet Distance on Low-Density Spanners
Authors:Kevin Buchin, Maike Buchin, Joachim Gudmundsson, Aleksandr Popov, and Sampson Wong 
 AbstractMap matching is a common task when analysing GPS tracks, such as vehicle trajectories. The goal is to match a recorded noisy polygonal curve to a path on the map, usually represented as a geometric graph. The Fréchet distance is a commonly used metric for curves, making it a natural fit. The map-matching problem is well-studied, yet until recently no-one tackled the data structure question: preprocess a given graph so that one can query the minimum Fréchet distance between all graph paths and a polygonal curve. Recently, Gudmundsson, Seybold, and Wong [Gudmundsson et al., 2023] studied this problem for arbitrary query polygonal curves and c-packed graphs. In this paper, we instead require the graphs to be λ-low-density t-spanners, which is significantly more representative of real-world networks. We also show how to report a path that minimises the distance efficiently rather than only returning the minimal distance, which was stated as an open problem in their paper. 
 Cite asKevin Buchin, Maike Buchin, Joachim Gudmundsson, Aleksandr Popov, and Sampson Wong. Map-Matching Queries Under Fréchet Distance on Low-Density Spanners. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 27:1-27:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{buchin_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.27 author = {Buchin, Kevin and Buchin, Maike and Gudmundsson, Joachim and Popov, Aleksandr and Wong, Sampson}, title = {{Map-Matching Queries Under Fr\'{e}chet Distance on Low-Density Spanners}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {27:1--27:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.27}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199723}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.27}, annote = {Keywords: Map Matching, Fr\'{e}chet Distance, Data Structures} }@InProceedings{buchin_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.27 author = {Buchin, Kevin and Buchin, Maike and Gudmundsson, Joachim and Popov, Aleksandr and Wong, Sampson}, title = {{Map-Matching Queries Under Fr\'{e}chet Distance on Low-Density Spanners}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {27:1--27:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.27}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199723}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.27}, annote = {Keywords: Map Matching, Fr\'{e}chet Distance, Data Structures} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.28" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.28
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.28/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.28.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.28" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.28" - Computing Shortest Closed Curves on Non-Orientable Surfaces
Authors:Denys Bulavka, Éric Colin de Verdière, and Niloufar Fuladi 
 AbstractWe initiate the study of computing shortest non-separating simple closed curves with some given topological properties on non-orientable surfaces. While, for orientable surfaces, any two non-separating simple closed curves are related by a self-homeomorphism of the surface, and computing shortest such curves has been vastly studied, for non-orientable ones the classification of non-separating simple closed curves up to ambient homeomorphism is subtler, depending on whether the curve is one-sided or two-sided, and whether it is orienting or not (whether it cuts the surface into an orientable one). We prove that computing a shortest orienting (weakly) simple closed curve on a non-orientable combinatorial surface is NP-hard but fixed-parameter tractable in the genus of the surface. In contrast, we can compute a shortest non-separating non-orienting (weakly) simple closed curve with given sidedness in g^{O(1)} ⋅ n log n time, where g is the genus and n the size of the surface. For these algorithms, we develop tools that can be of independent interest, to compute a variation on canonical systems of loops for non-orientable surfaces based on the computation of an orienting curve, and some covering spaces that are essentially quotients of homology covers. 
 Cite asDenys Bulavka, Éric Colin de Verdière, and Niloufar Fuladi. Computing Shortest Closed Curves on Non-Orientable Surfaces. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 28:1-28:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{bulavka_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.28 author = {Bulavka, Denys and Colin de Verdi\`{e}re, \'{E}ric and Fuladi, Niloufar}, title = {{Computing Shortest Closed Curves on Non-Orientable Surfaces}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {28:1--28:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.28}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199731}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.28}, annote = {Keywords: Surface, Graph, Algorithm, Non-orientable surface} }@InProceedings{bulavka_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.28 author = {Bulavka, Denys and Colin de Verdi\`{e}re, \'{E}ric and Fuladi, Niloufar}, title = {{Computing Shortest Closed Curves on Non-Orientable Surfaces}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {28:1--28:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.28}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199731}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.28}, annote = {Keywords: Surface, Graph, Algorithm, Non-orientable surface} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.29" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.29
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.29/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.29.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.29" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.29" - Practical Software for Triangulating and Simplifying 4-Manifolds
Authors:Rhuaidi Antonio Burke 
 AbstractDimension 4 is the first dimension in which exotic smooth manifold pairs appear - manifolds which are topologically the same but for which there is no smooth deformation of one into the other. Whilst smooth and triangulated 4-manifolds do coincide, comparatively little work has been done towards gaining an understanding of smooth 4-manifolds from the discrete and algorithmic perspective. In this paper we introduce new software tools to make this possible, including a software implementation of an algorithm which enables us to build triangulations of 4-manifolds from Kirby diagrams, as well as a new heuristic for simplifying 4-manifold triangulations. Using these tools, we present new triangulations of several bounded exotic pairs, corks and plugs (objects responsible for "exoticity"), as well as the smallest known triangulation of the fundamental K3 surface. The small size of these triangulations benefit us by revealing fine structural features in 4-manifold triangulations. 
 Cite asRhuaidi Antonio Burke. Practical Software for Triangulating and Simplifying 4-Manifolds. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 29:1-29:23, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{burke:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.29 author = {Burke, Rhuaidi Antonio}, title = {{Practical Software for Triangulating and Simplifying 4-Manifolds}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {29:1--29:23}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.29}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199748}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.29}, annote = {Keywords: computational low-dimensional topology, triangulations, 4-manifolds, exotic 4-manifolds, mathematical software, experiments in low-dimensional topology} }@InProceedings{burke:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.29 author = {Burke, Rhuaidi Antonio}, title = {{Practical Software for Triangulating and Simplifying 4-Manifolds}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {29:1--29:23}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.29}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199748}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.29}, annote = {Keywords: computational low-dimensional topology, triangulations, 4-manifolds, exotic 4-manifolds, mathematical software, experiments in low-dimensional topology} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.30" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.30
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.30/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.30.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.30" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.30" - Effective Computation of the Heegaard Genus of 3-Manifolds
Authors:Benjamin A. Burton and Finn Thompson 
 AbstractThe Heegaard genus is a fundamental invariant of 3-manifolds. However, computing the Heegaard genus of a triangulated 3-manifold is NP-hard, and while algorithms exist, little work has been done in making such an algorithm efficient and practical for implementation. Current algorithms use almost normal surfaces, which are an extension of the algorithm-friendly normal surface theory but which add considerable complexity for both running time and implementation. Here we take a different approach: instead of working with almost normal surfaces, we give a general method of modifying the input triangulation that allows us to avoid almost normal surfaces entirely. The cost is just four new tetrahedra, and the benefit is that important surfaces that were once almost normal can be moved to the simpler setting of normal surfaces in the new triangulation. We apply this technique to the computation of Heegaard genus, where we develop algorithms and heuristics that prove successful in practice when applied to a data set of 3,000 closed hyperbolic 3-manifolds; we precisely determine the genus for at least 2,705 of these. 
 Cite asBenjamin A. Burton and Finn Thompson. Effective Computation of the Heegaard Genus of 3-Manifolds. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 30:1-30:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{burton_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.30 author = {Burton, Benjamin A. and Thompson, Finn}, title = {{Effective Computation of the Heegaard Genus of 3-Manifolds}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {30:1--30:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.30}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199750}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.30}, annote = {Keywords: 3-manifolds, triangulations, normal surfaces, computational topology, Heegaard genus} }@InProceedings{burton_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.30 author = {Burton, Benjamin A. and Thompson, Finn}, title = {{Effective Computation of the Heegaard Genus of 3-Manifolds}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {30:1--30:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.30}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199750}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.30}, annote = {Keywords: 3-manifolds, triangulations, normal surfaces, computational topology, Heegaard genus} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.31" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.31
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.31/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.31.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.31" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.31" - Geometric Matching and Bottleneck Problems
Authors:Sergio Cabello, Siu-Wing Cheng, Otfried Cheong, and Christian Knauer 
 AbstractLet P be a set of at most n points and let R be a set of at most n geometric ranges, such as disks and rectangles, where each p ∈ P has an associated supply s_{p} > 0, and each r ∈ R has an associated demand d_r > 0. A (many-to-many) matching is a set 𝒜 of ordered triples (p,r,a_{pr}) ∈ P × R × ℝ_{> 0} such that p ∈ r and the a_{pr}’s satisfy the constraints given by the supplies and demands. We show how to compute a maximum matching, that is, a matching maximizing ∑_{(p,r,a_{pr}) ∈ 𝒜} a_{pr}. Using our techniques, we can also solve minimum bottleneck problems, such as computing a perfect matching between a set of n red points P and a set of n blue points Q that minimizes the length of the longest edge. For the L_∞-metric, we can do this in time O(n^{1+ε}) in any fixed dimension, for the L₂-metric in the plane in time O(n^{4/3 + ε}), for any ε > 0. 
 Cite asSergio Cabello, Siu-Wing Cheng, Otfried Cheong, and Christian Knauer. Geometric Matching and Bottleneck Problems. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 31:1-31:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{cabello_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.31 author = {Cabello, Sergio and Cheng, Siu-Wing and Cheong, Otfried and Knauer, Christian}, title = {{Geometric Matching and Bottleneck Problems}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {31:1--31:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.31}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199768}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.31}, annote = {Keywords: Many-to-many matching, bipartite, planar, geometric, approximation} }@InProceedings{cabello_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.31 author = {Cabello, Sergio and Cheng, Siu-Wing and Cheong, Otfried and Knauer, Christian}, title = {{Geometric Matching and Bottleneck Problems}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {31:1--31:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.31}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199768}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.31}, annote = {Keywords: Many-to-many matching, bipartite, planar, geometric, approximation} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.32" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.32
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.32/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.32.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.32" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.32" - SCARST: Schnyder Compact and Regularity Sensitive Triangulation Data Structure
Authors:Luca Castelli Aleardi and Olivier Devillers 
 AbstractWe consider the design of fast and compact representations of the connectivity information of triangle meshes. Although traditional data structures (Half-Edge, Corner Table) are fast and user-friendly, they tend to be memory-expensive. On the other hand, compression schemes, while meeting information-theoretic lower bounds, do not support navigation within the mesh structure. Compact representations provide an advantageous balance for representing large meshes, enabling a judicious compromise between memory consumption and fast implementation of navigational operations. We propose new representations that are sensitive to the regularity of the graph while still having worst case guarantees. For all our data structures we have both an interesting storage cost, typically 2 or 3 r.p.v. (references per vertex) in the case of very regular triangulations, and provable upper bounds in the worst case scenario. One of our solutions has a worst case cost of 3.33 r.p.v., which is currently the best-known bound improving the previous 4 r.p.v. [Castelli et al. 2018]. Our representations have slightly slower running times (factors 1.5 to 4) than classical data structures. In our experiments we compare on various meshes runtime and memory performance of our representations with those of the most efficient existing solutions. 
 Cite asLuca Castelli Aleardi and Olivier Devillers. SCARST: Schnyder Compact and Regularity Sensitive Triangulation Data Structure. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 32:1-32:19, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{castellialeardi_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.32 author = {Castelli Aleardi, Luca and Devillers, Olivier}, title = {{SCARST: Schnyder Compact and Regularity Sensitive Triangulation Data Structure}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {32:1--32:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.32}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199779}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.32}, annote = {Keywords: Meshes, compression, triangulations, compact representations} }@InProceedings{castellialeardi_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.32 author = {Castelli Aleardi, Luca and Devillers, Olivier}, title = {{SCARST: Schnyder Compact and Regularity Sensitive Triangulation Data Structure}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {32:1--32:19}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.32}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199779}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.32}, annote = {Keywords: Meshes, compression, triangulations, compact representations} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.33" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.33
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.33/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.33.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.33" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.33" - Semialgebraic Range Stabbing, Ray Shooting, and Intersection Counting in the Plane
Authors:Timothy M. Chan, Pingan Cheng, and Da Wei Zheng 
 AbstractPolynomial partitioning techniques have recently led to improved geometric data structures for a variety of fundamental problems related to semialgebraic range searching and intersection searching in 3D and higher dimensions (e.g., see [Agarwal, Aronov, Ezra, and Zahl, SoCG 2019; Ezra and Sharir, SoCG 2021; Agarwal, Aronov, Ezra, Katz, and Sharir, SoCG 2022]). They have also led to improved algorithms for offline versions of semialgebraic range searching in 2D, via lens-cutting [Sharir and Zahl (2017)]. In this paper, we show that these techniques can yield new data structures for a number of other 2D problems even for online queries: 1) Semialgebraic range stabbing. We present a data structure for n semialgebraic ranges in 2D of constant description complexity with O(n^{3/2+ε}) preprocessing time and space, so that we can count the number of ranges containing a query point in O(n^{1/4+ε}) time, for an arbitrarily small constant ε > 0. (The query time bound is likely close to tight for this space bound.) 2) Ray shooting amid algebraic arcs. We present a data structure for n algebraic arcs in 2D of constant description complexity with O(n^{3/2+ε}) preprocessing time and space, so that we can find the first arc hit by a query (straight-line) ray in O(n^{1/4+ε}) time. (The query bound is again likely close to tight for this space bound, and they improve a result by Ezra and Sharir with near n^{3/2} space and near √n query time.) 3) Intersection counting amid algebraic arcs. We present a data structure for n algebraic arcs in 2D of constant description complexity with O(n^{3/2+ε}) preprocessing time and space, so that we can count the number of intersection points with a query algebraic arc of constant description complexity in O(n^{1/2+ε}) time. In particular, this implies an O(n^{3/2+ε})-time algorithm for counting intersections between two sets of n algebraic arcs in 2D. (This generalizes a classical O(n^{3/2+ε})-time algorithm for circular arcs by Agarwal and Sharir from SoCG 1991.) 
 Cite asTimothy M. Chan, Pingan Cheng, and Da Wei Zheng. Semialgebraic Range Stabbing, Ray Shooting, and Intersection Counting in the Plane. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 33:1-33:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{chan_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.33 author = {Chan, Timothy M. and Cheng, Pingan and Zheng, Da Wei}, title = {{Semialgebraic Range Stabbing, Ray Shooting, and Intersection Counting in the Plane}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {33:1--33:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.33}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199785}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.33}, annote = {Keywords: Computational geometry, range searching, intersection searching, semialgebraic sets, data structures, polynomial partitioning} }@InProceedings{chan_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.33 author = {Chan, Timothy M. and Cheng, Pingan and Zheng, Da Wei}, title = {{Semialgebraic Range Stabbing, Ray Shooting, and Intersection Counting in the Plane}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {33:1--33:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.33}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199785}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.33}, annote = {Keywords: Computational geometry, range searching, intersection searching, semialgebraic sets, data structures, polynomial partitioning} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.34" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.34
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.34/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.34.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.34" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.34" - Convex Polygon Containment: Improving Quadratic to Near Linear Time
Authors:Timothy M. Chan and Isaac M. Hair 
 AbstractWe revisit a standard polygon containment problem: given a convex k-gon P and a convex n-gon Q in the plane, find a placement of P inside Q under translation and rotation (if it exists), or more generally, find the largest copy of P inside Q under translation, rotation, and scaling. Previous algorithms by Chazelle (1983), Sharir and Toledo (1994), and Agarwal, Amenta, and Sharir (1998) all required Ω(n²) time, even in the simplest k = 3 case. We present a significantly faster new algorithm for k = 3 achieving O(n polylog n) running time. Moreover, we extend the result for general k, achieving O(k^O(1/ε) n^{1+ε}) running time for any ε > 0. Along the way, we also prove a new O(k^O(1) n polylog n) bound on the number of similar copies of P inside Q that have 4 vertices of P in contact with the boundary of Q (assuming general position input), disproving a conjecture by Agarwal, Amenta, and Sharir (1998). 
 Cite asTimothy M. Chan and Isaac M. Hair. Convex Polygon Containment: Improving Quadratic to Near Linear Time. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 34:1-34:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{chan_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.34 author = {Chan, Timothy M. and Hair, Isaac M.}, title = {{Convex Polygon Containment: Improving Quadratic to Near Linear Time}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {34:1--34:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.34}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199795}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.34}, annote = {Keywords: Polygon containment, convex polygons, translations, rotations} }@InProceedings{chan_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.34 author = {Chan, Timothy M. and Hair, Isaac M.}, title = {{Convex Polygon Containment: Improving Quadratic to Near Linear Time}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {34:1--34:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.34}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199795}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.34}, annote = {Keywords: Polygon containment, convex polygons, translations, rotations} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.35" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.35
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.35/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.35.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.35" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.35" - Enclosing Points with Geometric Objects
Authors:Timothy M. Chan, Qizheng He, and Jie Xue 
 AbstractLet X be a set of points in ℝ² and 𝒪 be a set of geometric objects in ℝ², where |X| + |𝒪| = n. We study the problem of computing a minimum subset 𝒪^* ⊆ 𝒪 that encloses all points in X. Here a point x ∈ X is enclosed by 𝒪^* if it lies in a bounded connected component of ℝ²∖(⋃_{O ∈ 𝒪^*} O). We propose two algorithmic frameworks to design polynomial-time approximation algorithms for the problem. The first framework is based on sparsification and min-cut, which results in O(1)-approximation algorithms for unit disks, unit squares, etc. The second framework is based on LP rounding, which results in an O(α(n)log n)-approximation algorithm for segments, where α(n) is the inverse Ackermann function, and an O(log n)-approximation algorithm for disks. 
 Cite asTimothy M. Chan, Qizheng He, and Jie Xue. Enclosing Points with Geometric Objects. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 35:1-35:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{chan_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.35 author = {Chan, Timothy M. and He, Qizheng and Xue, Jie}, title = {{Enclosing Points with Geometric Objects}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {35:1--35:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.35}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199802}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.35}, annote = {Keywords: obstacle placement, geometric optimization, approximation algorithms} }@InProceedings{chan_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.35 author = {Chan, Timothy M. and He, Qizheng and Xue, Jie}, title = {{Enclosing Points with Geometric Objects}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {35:1--35:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.35}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199802}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.35}, annote = {Keywords: obstacle placement, geometric optimization, approximation algorithms} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.36" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.36
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.36/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.36.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.36" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.36" - Dynamic Geometric Connectivity in the Plane with Constant Query Time
Authors:Timothy M. Chan and Zhengcheng Huang 
 AbstractWe present the first fully dynamic connectivity data structures for geometric intersection graphs achieving constant query time and sublinear amortized update time for many classes of geometric objects in 2D . Our data structures can answer connectivity queries between two objects, as well as "global" connectivity queries (e.g., deciding whether the entire graph is connected). Previously, the data structure by Afshani and Chan (ESA'06) achieved such bounds only in the special case of axis-aligned line segments or rectangles but did not work for arbitrary line segments or disks, whereas the data structures by Chan, Pătraşcu, and Roditty (FOCS'08) worked for more general classes of geometric objects but required n^{Ω(1)} query time and could not handle global connectivity queries. Specifically, we obtain new data structures with O(1) query time and amortized update time near n^{4/5}, n^{7/8}, and n^{20/21} for axis-aligned line segments, disks, and arbitrary line segments respectively. Besides greatly reducing the query time, our data structures also improve the previous update times for axis-aligned line segments by Afshani and Chan (from near n^{10/11} to n^{4/5}) and for disks by Chan, Pătraşcu, and Roditty (from near n^{20/21} to n^{7/8}). 
 Cite asTimothy M. Chan and Zhengcheng Huang. Dynamic Geometric Connectivity in the Plane with Constant Query Time. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 36:1-36:13, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{chan_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.36 author = {Chan, Timothy M. and Huang, Zhengcheng}, title = {{Dynamic Geometric Connectivity in the Plane with Constant Query Time}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {36:1--36:13}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.36}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199819}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.36}, annote = {Keywords: Connectivity, dynamic data structures, geometric intersection graphs} }@InProceedings{chan_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.36 author = {Chan, Timothy M. and Huang, Zhengcheng}, title = {{Dynamic Geometric Connectivity in the Plane with Constant Query Time}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {36:1--36:13}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.36}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199819}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.36}, annote = {Keywords: Connectivity, dynamic data structures, geometric intersection graphs} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.37" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.37
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.37/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.37.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.37" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.37" - Optimal Euclidean Tree Covers
Authors:Hsien-Chih Chang, Jonathan Conroy, Hung Le, Lazar Milenković, Shay Solomon, and Cuong Than 
 AbstractA (1+e)-stretch tree cover of a metric space is a collection of trees, where every pair of points has a (1+e)-stretch path in one of the trees. The celebrated Dumbbell Theorem [Arya et al. STOC'95] states that any set of n points in d-dimensional Euclidean space admits a (1+e)-stretch tree cover with O_d(e^{-d} ⋅ log(1/e)) trees, where the O_d notation suppresses terms that depend solely on the dimension d. The running time of their construction is O_d(n log n ⋅ log(1/e)/e^d + n ⋅ e^{-2d}). Since the same point may occur in multiple levels of the tree, the maximum degree of a point in the tree cover may be as large as Ω(log Φ), where Φ is the aspect ratio of the input point set. In this work we present a (1+e)-stretch tree cover with O_d(e^{-d+1} ⋅ log(1/e)) trees, which is optimal (up to the log(1/e) factor). Moreover, the maximum degree of points in any tree is an absolute constant for any d. As a direct corollary, we obtain an optimal {routing scheme} in low-dimensional Euclidean spaces. We also present a (1+e)-stretch Steiner tree cover (that may use Steiner points) with O_d(e^{(-d+1)/2} ⋅ log(1/e)) trees, which too is optimal. The running time of our two constructions is linear in the number of edges in the respective tree covers, ignoring an additive O_d(n log n) term; this improves over the running time underlying the Dumbbell Theorem. 
 Cite asHsien-Chih Chang, Jonathan Conroy, Hung Le, Lazar Milenković, Shay Solomon, and Cuong Than. Optimal Euclidean Tree Covers. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 37:1-37:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{chang_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.37 author = {Chang, Hsien-Chih and Conroy, Jonathan and Le, Hung and Milenkovi\'{c}, Lazar and Solomon, Shay and Than, Cuong}, title = {{Optimal Euclidean Tree Covers}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {37:1--37:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.37}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199828}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.37}, annote = {Keywords: Tree cover, spanner, Steiner point, routing, bounded-degree, quadtree, net-tree} }@InProceedings{chang_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.37 author = {Chang, Hsien-Chih and Conroy, Jonathan and Le, Hung and Milenkovi\'{c}, Lazar and Solomon, Shay and Than, Cuong}, title = {{Optimal Euclidean Tree Covers}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {37:1--37:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.37}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199828}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.37}, annote = {Keywords: Tree cover, spanner, Steiner point, routing, bounded-degree, quadtree, net-tree} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.38" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.38
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.38/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.38.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.38" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.38" - Computing Diameter+2 in Truly-Subquadratic Time for Unit-Disk Graphs
Authors:Hsien-Chih Chang, Jie Gao, and Hung Le 
 AbstractFinding the diameter of a graph in general cannot be done in truly subquadratic assuming the Strong Exponential Time Hypothesis (SETH), even when the underlying graph is unweighted and sparse. When restricting to concrete classes of graphs and assuming SETH, planar graphs and minor-free graphs admit truly subquadratic algorithms, while geometric intersection graphs of unit balls, congruent equilateral triangles, and unit segments do not. Unit-disk graphs is one of the major open cases where the complexity of diameter computation remains unknown. More generally, it is conjectured that a truly subquadratic time algorithm exists for pseudo-disk graphs where each pair of objects has at most two intersections on the boundary. In this paper, we show a truly-subquadratic algorithm of running time O^~(n^{2-1/18}), for finding the diameter in a unit-disk graph, whose output differs from the optimal solution by at most 2. This is the first algorithm that provides an additive guarantee in distortion, independent of the size or the diameter of the graph. Our algorithm requires two important technical elements. First, we show that for the intersection graph of pseudo-disks, the graph VC-dimension - either of k-hop balls or the distance encoding vectors - is 4. This contrasts to the VC dimension of the pseudo-disks themselves as geometric ranges (which is known to be 3). Second, we introduce a clique-based r-clustering for geometric intersection graphs, which is an analog of the r-division construction for planar graphs. We also showcase the new techniques by establishing new results for distance oracles for unit-disk graphs with subquadratic storage and O(1) query time. The results naturally extend to unit L₁ or L_∞-disks and fat pseudo-disks of similar size. Last, if the pseudo-disks additionally have bounded ply, we have a truly subquadratic algorithm to find the exact diameter. 
 Cite asHsien-Chih Chang, Jie Gao, and Hung Le. Computing Diameter+2 in Truly-Subquadratic Time for Unit-Disk Graphs. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 38:1-38:14, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{chang_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.38 author = {Chang, Hsien-Chih and Gao, Jie and Le, Hung}, title = {{Computing Diameter+2 in Truly-Subquadratic Time for Unit-Disk Graphs}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {38:1--38:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.38}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199833}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.38}, annote = {Keywords: Unit-disk graph, pseudo-disks, r-division, VC-dimension, distance oracle, clique-based separator} }@InProceedings{chang_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.38 author = {Chang, Hsien-Chih and Gao, Jie and Le, Hung}, title = {{Computing Diameter+2 in Truly-Subquadratic Time for Unit-Disk Graphs}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {38:1--38:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.38}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199833}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.38}, annote = {Keywords: Unit-disk graph, pseudo-disks, r-division, VC-dimension, distance oracle, clique-based separator} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.39" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.39
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.39/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.39.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.39" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.39" - Nearly Orthogonal Sets over Finite Fields
Authors:Dror Chawin and Ishay Haviv 
 AbstractFor a field 𝔽 and integers d and k, a set of vectors of 𝔽^d is called k-nearly orthogonal if its members are non-self-orthogonal and every k+1 of them include an orthogonal pair. We prove that for every prime p there exists a positive constant δ = δ (p), such that for every field 𝔽 of characteristic p and for all integers k ≥ 2 and d ≥ k^{1/(p-1)}, there exists a k-nearly orthogonal set of at least d^{δ ⋅ k^{1/(p-1)} / log k} vectors of 𝔽^d. In particular, for the binary field we obtain a set of d^Ω(k/log k) vectors, and this is tight up to the log k term in the exponent. For comparison, the best known lower bound over the reals is d^Ω(log k / log log k)} (Alon and Szegedy, Graphs and Combin., 1999). The proof combines probabilistic and spectral arguments. 
 Cite asDror Chawin and Ishay Haviv. Nearly Orthogonal Sets over Finite Fields. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 39:1-39:11, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{chawin_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.39 author = {Chawin, Dror and Haviv, Ishay}, title = {{Nearly Orthogonal Sets over Finite Fields}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {39:1--39:11}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.39}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199848}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.39}, annote = {Keywords: Nearly orthogonal sets, Finite fields} }@InProceedings{chawin_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.39 author = {Chawin, Dror and Haviv, Ishay}, title = {{Nearly Orthogonal Sets over Finite Fields}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {39:1--39:11}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.39}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199848}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.39}, annote = {Keywords: Nearly orthogonal sets, Finite fields} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.40" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.40
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.40/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.40.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.40" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.40" - Optimal Algorithm for the Planar Two-Center Problem
Authors:Kyungjin Cho, Eunjin Oh, Haitao Wang, and Jie Xue 
 AbstractWe study a fundamental problem in Computational Geometry, the planar two-center problem. In this problem, the input is a set S of n points in the plane and the goal is to find two smallest congruent disks whose union contains all points of S. A longstanding open problem has been to obtain an O(nlog n)-time algorithm for planar two-center, matching the Ω(nlog n) lower bound given by Eppstein [SODA'97]. Towards this, researchers have made a lot of efforts over decades. The previous best algorithm, given by Wang [SoCG'20], solves the problem in O(nlog² n) time. In this paper, we present an O(nlog n)-time (deterministic) algorithm for planar two-center, which completely resolves this open problem. 
 Cite asKyungjin Cho, Eunjin Oh, Haitao Wang, and Jie Xue. Optimal Algorithm for the Planar Two-Center Problem. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 40:1-40:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{cho_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.40 author = {Cho, Kyungjin and Oh, Eunjin and Wang, Haitao and Xue, Jie}, title = {{Optimal Algorithm for the Planar Two-Center Problem}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {40:1--40:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.40}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199857}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.40}, annote = {Keywords: two-center, r-coverage, disk coverage, circular hulls} }@InProceedings{cho_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.40 author = {Cho, Kyungjin and Oh, Eunjin and Wang, Haitao and Xue, Jie}, title = {{Optimal Algorithm for the Planar Two-Center Problem}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {40:1--40:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.40}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199857}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.40}, annote = {Keywords: two-center, r-coverage, disk coverage, circular hulls} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.41" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.41
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.41/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.41.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.41" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.41" - GPU Algorithm for Enumerating PL Spheres of Picard Number 4: Application to Toric Topology
Authors:Suyoung Choi, Hyeontae Jang, and Mathieu Vallée 
 AbstractThe fundamental theorem for toric geometry states a toric manifold is encoded by a complete non-singular fan, whose combinatorial structure is the one of a PL sphere together with the set of generators of its rays. The wedge operation on a PL sphere increases its dimension without changing its Picard number. The seeds are the PL spheres that are not wedges. A PL sphere is toric colorable if it comes from a complete rational fan. A result of Choi and Park tells us that the set of toric seeds with a fixed Picard number p is finite. In fact, a toric PL sphere needs its facets to be bases of some binary matroids of corank p with neither coloops, nor cocircuits of size 2. We present and use a GPU-friendly and computationally efficient algorithm to enumerate this set of seeds, up to simplicial isomorphism. Explicitly, it allows us to obtain this set of seeds for Picard number 4 which is of main importance in toric topology for the characterization of toric manifolds with small Picard number. This follows the work of Kleinschmidt (1988) and Batyrev (1991) who fully classified toric manifolds with Picard number ≤ 3. 
 Cite asSuyoung Choi, Hyeontae Jang, and Mathieu Vallée. GPU Algorithm for Enumerating PL Spheres of Picard Number 4: Application to Toric Topology. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 41:1-41:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{choi_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.41 author = {Choi, Suyoung and Jang, Hyeontae and Vall\'{e}e, Mathieu}, title = {{GPU Algorithm for Enumerating PL Spheres of Picard Number 4: Application to Toric Topology}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {41:1--41:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.41}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199864}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.41}, annote = {Keywords: PL sphere, simplicial sphere, toric manifold, Picard number, weak pseudo-manifold, characteristic map, binary matroid, parallel computing, GPU programming} }@InProceedings{choi_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.41 author = {Choi, Suyoung and Jang, Hyeontae and Vall\'{e}e, Mathieu}, title = {{GPU Algorithm for Enumerating PL Spheres of Picard Number 4: Application to Toric Topology}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {41:1--41:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.41}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199864}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.41}, annote = {Keywords: PL sphere, simplicial sphere, toric manifold, Picard number, weak pseudo-manifold, characteristic map, binary matroid, parallel computing, GPU programming} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.42" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.42
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.42/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.42.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.42" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.42" - Fast Approximations and Coresets for (k,𝓁)-Median Under Dynamic Time Warping
Authors:Jacobus Conradi, Benedikt Kolbe, Ioannis Psarros, and Dennis Rohde 
 AbstractWe present algorithms for the computation of ε-coresets for k-median clustering of point sequences in ℝ^d under the p-dynamic time warping (DTW) distance. Coresets under DTW have not been investigated before, and the analysis is not directly accessible to existing methods as DTW is not a metric. The three main ingredients that allow our construction of coresets are the adaptation of the ε-coreset framework of sensitivity sampling, bounds on the VC dimension of approximations to the range spaces of balls under DTW, and new approximation algorithms for the k-median problem under DTW. We achieve our results by investigating approximations of DTW that provide a trade-off between the provided accuracy and amenability to known techniques. In particular, we observe that given n curves under DTW, one can directly construct a metric that approximates DTW on this set, permitting the use of the wealth of results on metric spaces for clustering purposes. The resulting approximations are the first with polynomial running time and achieve a very similar approximation factor as state-of-the-art techniques. We apply our results to produce a practical algorithm approximating (k,𝓁)-median clustering under DTW. 
 Cite asJacobus Conradi, Benedikt Kolbe, Ioannis Psarros, and Dennis Rohde. Fast Approximations and Coresets for (k,𝓁)-Median Under Dynamic Time Warping. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 42:1-42:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{conradi_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.42 author = {Conradi, Jacobus and Kolbe, Benedikt and Psarros, Ioannis and Rohde, Dennis}, title = {{Fast Approximations and Coresets for (k,𝓁)-Median Under Dynamic Time Warping}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {42:1--42:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.42}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199875}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.42}, annote = {Keywords: Dynamic time warping, coreset, median clustering, approximation algorithm} }@InProceedings{conradi_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.42 author = {Conradi, Jacobus and Kolbe, Benedikt and Psarros, Ioannis and Rohde, Dennis}, title = {{Fast Approximations and Coresets for (k,𝓁)-Median Under Dynamic Time Warping}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {42:1--42:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.42}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199875}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.42}, annote = {Keywords: Dynamic time warping, coreset, median clustering, approximation algorithm} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.43" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.43
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.43/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.43.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.43" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.43" - An Improved Lower Bound on the Number of Pseudoline Arrangements
Authors:Fernando Cortés Kühnast, Justin Dallant, Stefan Felsner, and Manfred Scheucher 
 AbstractArrangements of pseudolines are classic objects in discrete and computational geometry. They have been studied with increasing intensity since their introduction almost 100 years ago. The study of the number B_n of non-isomorphic simple arrangements of n pseudolines goes back to Goodman and Pollack, Knuth, and others. It is known that B_n is in the order of 2^Θ(n²) and finding asymptotic bounds on b_n = log₂(B_n)/n² remains a challenging task. In 2011, Felsner and Valtr showed that 0.1887 ≤ b_n ≤ 0.6571 for sufficiently large n. The upper bound remains untouched but in 2020 Dumitrescu and Mandal improved the lower bound constant to 0.2083. Their approach utilizes the known values of B_n for up to n = 12. We tackle the lower bound by utilizing dynamic programming and the Lindström–Gessel–Viennot lemma. Our new bound is b_n ≥ 0.2721 for sufficiently large n. The result is based on a delicate interplay of theoretical ideas and computer assistance. 
 Cite asFernando Cortés Kühnast, Justin Dallant, Stefan Felsner, and Manfred Scheucher. An Improved Lower Bound on the Number of Pseudoline Arrangements. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 43:1-43:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{corteskuhnast_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.43 author = {Cort\'{e}s K\"{u}hnast, Fernando and Dallant, Justin and Felsner, Stefan and Scheucher, Manfred}, title = {{An Improved Lower Bound on the Number of Pseudoline Arrangements}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {43:1--43:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.43}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199880}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.43}, annote = {Keywords: counting, pseudoline arrangement, recursive construction, bipermutation, divide and conquer, dynamic programming, computer-assisted proof} }@InProceedings{corteskuhnast_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.43 author = {Cort\'{e}s K\"{u}hnast, Fernando and Dallant, Justin and Felsner, Stefan and Scheucher, Manfred}, title = {{An Improved Lower Bound on the Number of Pseudoline Arrangements}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {43:1--43:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.43}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199880}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.43}, annote = {Keywords: counting, pseudoline arrangement, recursive construction, bipermutation, divide and conquer, dynamic programming, computer-assisted proof} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.44" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.44
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.44/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.44.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.44" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.44" - Stability and Approximations for Decorated Reeb Spaces
Authors:Justin Curry, Washington Mio, Tom Needham, Osman Berat Okutan, and Florian Russold 
 AbstractGiven a map f:X → M from a topological space X to a metric space M, a decorated Reeb space consists of the Reeb space, together with an attribution function whose values recover geometric information lost during the construction of the Reeb space. For example, when M = ℝ is the real line, the Reeb space is the well-known Reeb graph, and the attributions may consist of persistence diagrams summarizing the level set topology of f. In this paper, we introduce decorated Reeb spaces in various flavors and prove that our constructions are Gromov-Hausdorff stable. We also provide results on approximating decorated Reeb spaces from finite samples and leverage these to develop a computational framework for applying these constructions to point cloud data. 
 Cite asJustin Curry, Washington Mio, Tom Needham, Osman Berat Okutan, and Florian Russold. Stability and Approximations for Decorated Reeb Spaces. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 44:1-44:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{curry_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.44 author = {Curry, Justin and Mio, Washington and Needham, Tom and Okutan, Osman Berat and Russold, Florian}, title = {{Stability and Approximations for Decorated Reeb Spaces}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {44:1--44:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.44}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199891}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.44}, annote = {Keywords: Reeb spaces, Gromov-Hausdorff distance, Persistent homology} }@InProceedings{curry_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.44 author = {Curry, Justin and Mio, Washington and Needham, Tom and Okutan, Osman Berat and Russold, Florian}, title = {{Stability and Approximations for Decorated Reeb Spaces}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {44:1--44:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.44}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199891}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.44}, annote = {Keywords: Reeb spaces, Gromov-Hausdorff distance, Persistent homology} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.45" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.45
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.45/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.45.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.45" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.45" - Sweeping Arrangements of Non-Piercing Regions in the Plane
Authors:Suryendu Dalal, Rahul Gangopadhyay, Rajiv Raman, and Saurabh Ray 
 AbstractLet Γ be a finite set of Jordan curves in the plane. For any curve γ ∈ Γ, we denote the bounded region enclosed by γ as γ̃. We say that Γ is a non-piercing family if for any two curves α , β ∈ Γ, α̃ ⧵ β̃ is a connected region. A non-piercing family of curves generalizes a family of 2-intersecting curves in which each pair of curves intersect in at most two points. Snoeyink and Hershberger ("Sweeping Arrangements of Curves", SoCG '89) proved that if we are given a family Γ of 2-intersecting curves and a sweep curve γ ∈ Γ, then the arrangement can be swept by γ while always maintaining the 2-intersecting property of the curves. We generalize the result of Snoeyink and Hershberger to the setting of non-piercing curves. We show that given an arrangement of non-piercing curves Γ, and a sweep curve γ ∈ Γ, the arrangement can be swept by γ so that the arrangement remains non-piercing throughout the process. We also give a shorter and simpler proof of the result of Snoeyink and Hershberger, and give an eclectic set of applications. 
 Cite asSuryendu Dalal, Rahul Gangopadhyay, Rajiv Raman, and Saurabh Ray. Sweeping Arrangements of Non-Piercing Regions in the Plane. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 45:1-45:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{dalal_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.45 author = {Dalal, Suryendu and Gangopadhyay, Rahul and Raman, Rajiv and Ray, Saurabh}, title = {{Sweeping Arrangements of Non-Piercing Regions in the Plane}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {45:1--45:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.45}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199900}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.45}, annote = {Keywords: Sweeping, Pseudodisks, Discrete Geometry, Topology} }@InProceedings{dalal_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.45 author = {Dalal, Suryendu and Gangopadhyay, Rahul and Raman, Rajiv and Ray, Saurabh}, title = {{Sweeping Arrangements of Non-Piercing Regions in the Plane}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {45:1--45:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.45}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199900}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.45}, annote = {Keywords: Sweeping, Pseudodisks, Discrete Geometry, Topology} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.46" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.46
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.46/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.46.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.46" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.46" - Saturation Results Around the Erdős-Szekeres Problem
Authors:Gábor Damásdi, Zichao Dong, Manfred Scheucher, and Ji Zeng 
 AbstractIn this paper, we consider saturation problems related to the celebrated Erdős-Szekeres convex polygon problem. For each n ≥ 7, we construct a planar point set of size (7/8) ⋅ 2^{n-2} which is saturated for convex n-gons. That is, the set contains no n points in convex position while the addition of any new point creates such a configuration. This demonstrates that the saturation number is smaller than the Ramsey number for the Erdős-Szekeres problem. The proof also shows that the original Erdős-Szekeres construction is indeed saturated. Our construction is based on a similar improvement for the saturation version of the cups-versus-caps theorem. Moreover, we consider the generalization of the cups-versus-caps theorem to monotone paths in ordered hypergraphs. In contrast to the geometric setting, we show that this abstract saturation number is always equal to the corresponding Ramsey number. 
 Cite asGábor Damásdi, Zichao Dong, Manfred Scheucher, and Ji Zeng. Saturation Results Around the Erdős-Szekeres Problem. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 46:1-46:14, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{damasdi_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.46 author = {Dam\'{a}sdi, G\'{a}bor and Dong, Zichao and Scheucher, Manfred and Zeng, Ji}, title = {{Saturation Results Around the Erd\H{o}s-Szekeres Problem}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {46:1--46:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.46}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199919}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.46}, annote = {Keywords: Convex polygon, Cups-versus-caps, Monotone path, Saturation problem} }@InProceedings{damasdi_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.46 author = {Dam\'{a}sdi, G\'{a}bor and Dong, Zichao and Scheucher, Manfred and Zeng, Ji}, title = {{Saturation Results Around the Erd\H{o}s-Szekeres Problem}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {46:1--46:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.46}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199919}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.46}, annote = {Keywords: Convex polygon, Cups-versus-caps, Monotone path, Saturation problem} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.47" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.47
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.47/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.47.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.47" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.47" - Robustly Guarding Polygons
Authors:Rathish Das, Omrit Filtser, Matthew J. Katz, and Joseph S.B. Mitchell 
 AbstractWe propose precise notions of what it means to guard a domain "robustly", under a variety of models. While approximation algorithms for minimizing the number of (precise) point guards in a polygon is a notoriously challenging area of investigation, we show that imposing various degrees of robustness on the notion of visibility coverage leads to a more tractable (and realistic) problem for which we can provide approximation algorithms with constant factor guarantees. 
 Cite asRathish Das, Omrit Filtser, Matthew J. Katz, and Joseph S.B. Mitchell. Robustly Guarding Polygons. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 47:1-47:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{das_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.47 author = {Das, Rathish and Filtser, Omrit and Katz, Matthew J. and Mitchell, Joseph S.B.}, title = {{Robustly Guarding Polygons}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {47:1--47:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.47}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199928}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.47}, annote = {Keywords: geometric optimization, approximation algorithms, guarding} }@InProceedings{das_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.47 author = {Das, Rathish and Filtser, Omrit and Katz, Matthew J. and Mitchell, Joseph S.B.}, title = {{Robustly Guarding Polygons}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {47:1--47:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.47}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199928}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.47}, annote = {Keywords: geometric optimization, approximation algorithms, guarding} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.48" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.48
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.48/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.48.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.48" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.48" - Hopf Arborescent Links, Minor Theory, and Decidability of the Genus Defect
Authors:Pierre Dehornoy, Corentin Lunel, and Arnaud de Mesmay 
 AbstractWhile the problem of computing the genus of a knot is now fairly well understood, no algorithm is known for its four-dimensional variants, both in the smooth and in the topological locally flat category. In this article, we investigate a class of knots and links called Hopf arborescent links, which are obtained as the boundaries of some iterated plumbings of Hopf bands. We show that for such links, computing the genus defects, which measure how much the four-dimensional genera differ from the classical genus, is decidable. Our proof is non-constructive, and is obtained by proving that Seifert surfaces of Hopf arborescent links under a relation of minors defined by containment of their Seifert surfaces form a well-quasi-order. 
 Cite asPierre Dehornoy, Corentin Lunel, and Arnaud de Mesmay. Hopf Arborescent Links, Minor Theory, and Decidability of the Genus Defect. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 48:1-48:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{dehornoy_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.48 author = {Dehornoy, Pierre and Lunel, Corentin and de Mesmay, Arnaud}, title = {{Hopf Arborescent Links, Minor Theory, and Decidability of the Genus Defect}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {48:1--48:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.48}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199938}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.48}, annote = {Keywords: Knot Theory, Genus, Slice Genus, Hopf Arborescent Links, Well-Quasi-Order} }@InProceedings{dehornoy_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.48 author = {Dehornoy, Pierre and Lunel, Corentin and de Mesmay, Arnaud}, title = {{Hopf Arborescent Links, Minor Theory, and Decidability of the Genus Defect}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {48:1--48:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.48}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199938}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.48}, annote = {Keywords: Knot Theory, Genus, Slice Genus, Hopf Arborescent Links, Well-Quasi-Order} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.49" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.49
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.49/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.49.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.49" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.49" - Computing Zigzag Vineyard Efficiently Including Expansions and Contractions
Authors:Tamal K. Dey and Tao Hou 
 AbstractVines and vineyard connecting a stack of persistence diagrams have been introduced in the non-zigzag setting by Cohen-Steiner et al. [Cohen-Steiner et al., 2006]. We consider computing these vines over changing filtrations for zigzag persistence while incorporating two more operations: expansions and contractions in addition to the transpositions considered in the non-zigzag setting. Although expansions and contractions can be implemented in quadratic time in the non-zigzag case by utilizing the linear-time transpositions, it is not obvious how they can be carried out under the zigzag framework with the same complexity. While transpositions alone can be easily conducted in linear time using the recent FastZigzag algorithm [Tamal K. Dey and Tao Hou, 2022], expansions and contractions pose difficulty in breaking the barrier of cubic complexity [Dey and Hou, 2022]. Our main result is that, the half-way constructed up-down filtration in the FastZigzag algorithm indeed can be used to achieve linear time complexity for transpositions and quadratic time complexity for expansions and contractions, matching the time complexity of all corresponding operations in the non-zigzag case. 
 Cite asTamal K. Dey and Tao Hou. Computing Zigzag Vineyard Efficiently Including Expansions and Contractions. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 49:1-49:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{dey_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.49 author = {Dey, Tamal K. and Hou, Tao}, title = {{Computing Zigzag Vineyard Efficiently Including Expansions and Contractions}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {49:1--49:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.49}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199942}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.49}, annote = {Keywords: zigzag persistence, vines and vineyard, update operations} }@InProceedings{dey_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.49 author = {Dey, Tamal K. and Hou, Tao}, title = {{Computing Zigzag Vineyard Efficiently Including Expansions and Contractions}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {49:1--49:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.49}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199942}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.49}, annote = {Keywords: zigzag persistence, vines and vineyard, update operations} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.50" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.50
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.50/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.50.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.50" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.50" - Cup Product Persistence and Its Efficient Computation
Authors:Tamal K. Dey and Abhishek Rathod 
 AbstractIt is well-known that the cohomology ring has a richer structure than homology groups. However, until recently, the use of cohomology in persistence setting has been limited to speeding up of barcode computations. Some of the recently introduced invariants, namely, persistent cup-length, persistent cup modules and persistent Steenrod modules, to some extent, fill this gap. When added to the standard persistence barcode, they lead to invariants that are more discriminative than the standard persistence barcode. In this work, we devise an O(d n⁴) algorithm for computing the persistent k-cup modules for all k ∈ {2, … , d}, where d denotes the dimension of the filtered complex, and n denotes its size. Moreover, we note that since the persistent cup length can be obtained as a byproduct of our computations, this leads to a faster algorithm for computing it for d ≥ 3. Finally, we introduce a new stable invariant called partition modules of cup product that is more discriminative than persistent cup modules and devise an O(c(d)n⁴) algorithm for computing it, where c(d) is subexponential in d. 
 Cite asTamal K. Dey and Abhishek Rathod. Cup Product Persistence and Its Efficient Computation. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 50:1-50:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{dey_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.50 author = {Dey, Tamal K. and Rathod, Abhishek}, title = {{Cup Product Persistence and Its Efficient Computation}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {50:1--50:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.50}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199958}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.50}, annote = {Keywords: Persistent cohomology, cup product, image persistence, persistent cup module} }@InProceedings{dey_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.50 author = {Dey, Tamal K. and Rathod, Abhishek}, title = {{Cup Product Persistence and Its Efficient Computation}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {50:1--50:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.50}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199958}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.50}, annote = {Keywords: Persistent cohomology, cup product, image persistence, persistent cup module} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.51" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.51
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.51/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.51.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.51" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.51" - Efficient Algorithms for Complexes of Persistence Modules with Applications
Authors:Tamal K. Dey, Florian Russold, and Shreyas N. Samaga 
 AbstractWe extend the persistence algorithm, viewed as an algorithm computing the homology of a complex of free persistence or graded modules, to complexes of modules that are not free. We replace persistence modules by their presentations and develop an efficient algorithm to compute the homology of a complex of presentations. To deal with inputs that are not given in terms of presentations, we give an efficient algorithm to compute a presentation of a morphism of persistence modules. This allows us to compute persistent (co)homology of instances giving rise to complexes of non-free modules. Our methods lead to a new efficient algorithm for computing the persistent homology of simplicial towers and they enable efficient algorithms to compute the persistent homology of cosheaves over simplicial towers and cohomology of persistent sheaves on simplicial complexes. We also show that we can compute the cohomology of persistent sheaves over arbitrary finite posets by reducing the computation to a computation over simplicial complexes. 
 Cite asTamal K. Dey, Florian Russold, and Shreyas N. Samaga. Efficient Algorithms for Complexes of Persistence Modules with Applications. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 51:1-51:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{dey_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.51 author = {Dey, Tamal K. and Russold, Florian and Samaga, Shreyas N.}, title = {{Efficient Algorithms for Complexes of Persistence Modules with Applications}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {51:1--51:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.51}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199969}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.51}, annote = {Keywords: Persistent (co)homology, Persistence modules, Sheaves, Presentations} }@InProceedings{dey_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.51 author = {Dey, Tamal K. and Russold, Florian and Samaga, Shreyas N.}, title = {{Efficient Algorithms for Complexes of Persistence Modules with Applications}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {51:1--51:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.51}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199969}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.51}, annote = {Keywords: Persistent (co)homology, Persistence modules, Sheaves, Presentations} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.52" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.52
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.52/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.52.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.52" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.52" - Colorful Intersections and Tverberg Partitions
Authors:Michael Gene Dobbins, Andreas F. Holmsen, and Dohyeon Lee 
 AbstractThe colorful Helly theorem and Tverberg’s theorem are fundamental results in discrete geometry. We prove a theorem which interpolates between the two. In particular, we show the following for any integers d ≥ m ≥ 1 and k a prime power. Suppose F₁, F₂, … , F_m are families of convex sets in ℝ^d, each of size n > (d/m+1)(k-1), such that for any choice C_i ∈ F_i we have ⋂_{i = 1}^m C_i ≠ ∅. Then, one of the families F_i admits a Tverberg k-partition. That is, one of the F_i can be partitioned into k nonempty parts such that the convex hulls of the parts have nonempty intersection. As a corollary, we also obtain a result concerning r-dimensional transversals to families of convex sets in ℝ^d that satisfy the colorful Helly hypothesis, which extends the work of Karasev and Montejano. 
 Cite asMichael Gene Dobbins, Andreas F. Holmsen, and Dohyeon Lee. Colorful Intersections and Tverberg Partitions. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 52:1-52:13, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{dobbins_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.52 author = {Dobbins, Michael Gene and Holmsen, Andreas F. and Lee, Dohyeon}, title = {{Colorful Intersections and Tverberg Partitions}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {52:1--52:13}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.52}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199973}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.52}, annote = {Keywords: Tverberg’s theorem, geometric transversals, topological combinatorics, configuration space/test map, discrete Morse theory} }@InProceedings{dobbins_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.52 author = {Dobbins, Michael Gene and Holmsen, Andreas F. and Lee, Dohyeon}, title = {{Colorful Intersections and Tverberg Partitions}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {52:1--52:13}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.52}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199973}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.52}, annote = {Keywords: Tverberg’s theorem, geometric transversals, topological combinatorics, configuration space/test map, discrete Morse theory} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.53" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.53
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.53/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.53.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.53" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.53" - Maximum Betti Numbers of Čech Complexes
Authors:Herbert Edelsbrunner and János Pach 
 AbstractThe Upper Bound Theorem for convex polytopes implies that the p-th Betti number of the Čech complex of any set of N points in ℝ^d and any radius satisfies β_p = O(N^m), with m = min{p+1, ⌈d/2⌉}. We construct sets in even and odd dimensions, which prove that this upper bound is asymptotically tight. For example, we describe a set of N = 2(n+1) points in ℝ³ and two radii such that the first Betti number of the Čech complex at one radius is (n+1)² - 1, and the second Betti number of the Čech complex at the other radius is n². In particular, there is an arrangement of n contruent balls in ℝ³ that enclose a quadratic number of voids, which answers a long-standing open question in computational geometry. 
 Cite asHerbert Edelsbrunner and János Pach. Maximum Betti Numbers of Čech Complexes. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 53:1-53:14, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{edelsbrunner_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.53 author = {Edelsbrunner, Herbert and Pach, J\'{a}nos}, title = {{Maximum Betti Numbers of \v{C}ech Complexes}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {53:1--53:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.53}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199981}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.53}, annote = {Keywords: Discrete geometry, computational topology, \v{C}ech complexes, Delaunay mosaics, Alpha complexes, Betti numbers, extremal questions} }@InProceedings{edelsbrunner_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.53 author = {Edelsbrunner, Herbert and Pach, J\'{a}nos}, title = {{Maximum Betti Numbers of \v{C}ech Complexes}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {53:1--53:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.53}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199981}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.53}, annote = {Keywords: Discrete geometry, computational topology, \v{C}ech complexes, Delaunay mosaics, Alpha complexes, Betti numbers, extremal questions} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.54" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.54
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.54/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.54.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.54" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.54" - An Improved Bound on Sums of Square Roots via the Subspace Theorem
Authors:Friedrich Eisenbrand, Matthieu Haeberle, and Neta Singer 
 AbstractThe sum of square roots is as follows: Given x_1,… ,x_n ∈ ℤ and a₁,… ,a_n ∈ ℕ decide whether E = ∑_{i=1}^n x_i √{a_i} ≥ 0. It is a prominent open problem (Problem 33 of the Open Problems Project), whether this can be decided in polynomial time. The state-of-the-art methods rely on separation bounds, which are lower bounds on the minimum nonzero absolute value of E. The current best bound shows that |E| ≥ (n ⋅ max_i (|x_i| ⋅√{a_i})) ^{-2ⁿ}, which is doubly exponentially small. We provide a new bound of the form |E| ≥ γ ⋅ (n ⋅ max_i |x_i|)^{-2n} where γ is a constant depending on a₁,… ,a_n. This is singly exponential in n for fixed a_1,… ,a_n. The constant γ is not explicit and stems from the subspace theorem, a deep result in the geometry of numbers. 
 Cite asFriedrich Eisenbrand, Matthieu Haeberle, and Neta Singer. An Improved Bound on Sums of Square Roots via the Subspace Theorem. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 54:1-54:8, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{eisenbrand_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.54 author = {Eisenbrand, Friedrich and Haeberle, Matthieu and Singer, Neta}, title = {{An Improved Bound on Sums of Square Roots via the Subspace Theorem}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {54:1--54:8}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.54}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199993}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.54}, annote = {Keywords: Exact computing, Separation Bounds, Computational Geometry, Geometry of Numbers} }@InProceedings{eisenbrand_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.54 author = {Eisenbrand, Friedrich and Haeberle, Matthieu and Singer, Neta}, title = {{An Improved Bound on Sums of Square Roots via the Subspace Theorem}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {54:1--54:8}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.54}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-199993}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.54}, annote = {Keywords: Exact computing, Separation Bounds, Computational Geometry, Geometry of Numbers} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.55" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.55
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.55/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.55.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.55" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.55" - Dimensionality of Hamming Metrics and Rademacher Type
Authors:Alexandros Eskenazis 
 AbstractLet X be a finite-dimensional normed space. We prove that if the Hamming cube {-1,1}ⁿ embeds into X with bi-Lipschitz distortion at most D ≥ 1, then dim(X) ≳ sup_{p ∈ [1,2]} n^p/(D^p 𝖳_p(X)^p), where 𝖳_p(X) is the Rademacher type p constant of X. This estimate yields a mutual refinement of distortion lower bounds which follow from works of Oleszkiewicz (1996) and Ivanisvili, van Handel and Volberg (2020). The proof relies on a combination of semigroup techniques on the biased hypercube with the Borsuk-Ulam theorem from algebraic topology. 
 Cite asAlexandros Eskenazis. Dimensionality of Hamming Metrics and Rademacher Type. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 55:1-55:13, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{eskenazis:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.55 author = {Eskenazis, Alexandros}, title = {{Dimensionality of Hamming Metrics and Rademacher Type}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {55:1--55:13}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.55}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200004}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.55}, annote = {Keywords: Hamming cube, Rademacher type, metric embeddings, Borsuk-Ulam theorem} }@InProceedings{eskenazis:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.55 author = {Eskenazis, Alexandros}, title = {{Dimensionality of Hamming Metrics and Rademacher Type}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {55:1--55:13}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.55}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200004}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.55}, annote = {Keywords: Hamming cube, Rademacher type, metric embeddings, Borsuk-Ulam theorem} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.56" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.56
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.56/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.56.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.56" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.56" - Light, Reliable Spanners
Authors:Arnold Filtser, Yuval Gitlitz, and Ofer Neiman 
 AbstractA ν-reliable spanner of a metric space (X,d), is a (dominating) graph H, such that for any possible failure set B ⊆ X, there is a set B^+ just slightly larger |B^+| ≤ (1+ν)⋅|B|, and all distances between pairs in X⧵B^+ are (approximately) preserved in H⧵B. Recently, there have been several works on sparse reliable spanners in various settings, but so far, the weight of such spanners has not been analyzed at all. In this work, we initiate the study of light reliable spanners, whose weight is proportional to that of the Minimum Spanning Tree (MST) of X. We first observe that unlike sparsity, the lightness of any deterministic reliable spanner is huge, even for the metric of the simple path graph. Therefore, randomness must be used: an oblivious reliable spanner is a distribution over spanners, and the bound on |B^+| holds in expectation. We devise an oblivious ν-reliable (2+2/(k-1))-spanner for any k-HST, whose lightness is ≈ ν^{-2}. We demonstrate a matching Ω(ν^{-2}) lower bound on the lightness (for any finite stretch). We also note that any stretch below 2 must incur linear lightness. For general metrics, doubling metrics, and metrics arising from minor-free graphs, we construct light tree covers, in which every tree is a k-HST of low weight. Combining these covers with our results for k-HSTs, we obtain oblivious reliable light spanners for these metric spaces, with nearly optimal parameters. In particular, for doubling metrics we get an oblivious ν-reliable (1+ε)-spanner with lightness ε^{-O(ddim)} ⋅ Õ(ν^{-2}⋅log n), which is best possible (up to lower order terms). 
 Cite asArnold Filtser, Yuval Gitlitz, and Ofer Neiman. Light, Reliable Spanners. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 56:1-56:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{filtser_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.56 author = {Filtser, Arnold and Gitlitz, Yuval and Neiman, Ofer}, title = {{Light, Reliable Spanners}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {56:1--56:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.56}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200019}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.56}, annote = {Keywords: light spanner, reliable spanner, HST cover, doubling metric, minor free graphs} }@InProceedings{filtser_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.56 author = {Filtser, Arnold and Gitlitz, Yuval and Neiman, Ofer}, title = {{Light, Reliable Spanners}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {56:1--56:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.56}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200019}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.56}, annote = {Keywords: light spanner, reliable spanner, HST cover, doubling metric, minor free graphs} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.57" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.57
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.57/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.57.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.57" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.57" - Multicut Problems in Embedded Graphs: The Dependency of Complexity on the Demand Pattern
Authors:Jacob Focke, Florian Hörsch, Shaohua Li, and Dániel Marx 
 AbstractThe Multicut problem asks for a minimum cut separating certain pairs of vertices: formally, given a graph G and a demand graph H on a set T ⊆ V(G) of terminals, the task is to find a minimum-weight set C of edges of G such that whenever two vertices of T are adjacent in H, they are in different components of G⧵ C. Colin de Verdière [Algorithmica, 2017] showed that Multicut with t terminals on a graph G of genus g can be solved in time f(t,g) n^O(√{g²+gt+t}). Cohen-Addad et al. [JACM, 2021] proved a matching lower bound showing that the exponent of n is essentially best possible (for every fixed value of t and g), even in the special case of Multiway Cut, where the demand graph H is a complete graph. However, this lower bound tells us nothing about other special cases of Multicut such as Group 3-Terminal Cut (where three groups of terminals need to be separated from each other). We show that if the demand pattern is, in some sense, close to being a complete bipartite graph, then Multicut can be solved faster than f(t,g) n^{O(√{g²+gt+t})}, and furthermore this is the only property that allows such an improvement. Formally, for a class ℋ of graphs, Multicut(ℋ) is the special case where the demand graph H is in ℋ. For every fixed class ℋ (satisfying some mild closure property), fixed g, and fixed t, our main result gives tight upper and lower bounds on the exponent of n in algorithms solving Multicut(ℋ). In addition, we investigate a similar setting where, instead of parameterizing by the genus g of G, we parameterize by the minimum number k of edges of G that need to be deleted to obtain a planar graph. Interestingly, in this setting it makes a significant difference whether the graph G is weighted or unweighted: further nontrivial algorithmic techniques give substantial improvements in the unweighted case. 
 Cite asJacob Focke, Florian Hörsch, Shaohua Li, and Dániel Marx. Multicut Problems in Embedded Graphs: The Dependency of Complexity on the Demand Pattern. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 57:1-57:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{focke_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.57 author = {Focke, Jacob and H\"{o}rsch, Florian and Li, Shaohua and Marx, D\'{a}niel}, title = {{Multicut Problems in Embedded Graphs: The Dependency of Complexity on the Demand Pattern}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {57:1--57:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.57}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200021}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.57}, annote = {Keywords: MultiCut, Multiway Cut, Parameterized Complexity, Tight Bounds, Embedded Graph, Planar Graph, Genus, Surface, Exponential Time Hypothesis} }@InProceedings{focke_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.57 author = {Focke, Jacob and H\"{o}rsch, Florian and Li, Shaohua and Marx, D\'{a}niel}, title = {{Multicut Problems in Embedded Graphs: The Dependency of Complexity on the Demand Pattern}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {57:1--57:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.57}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200021}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.57}, annote = {Keywords: MultiCut, Multiway Cut, Parameterized Complexity, Tight Bounds, Embedded Graph, Planar Graph, Genus, Surface, Exponential Time Hypothesis} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.58" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.58
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.58/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.58.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.58" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.58" - Fréchet Edit Distance
Authors:Emily Fox, Amir Nayyeri, Jonathan James Perry, and Benjamin Raichel 
 AbstractWe define and investigate the Fréchet edit distance problem. Given two polygonal curves π and σ and a threshhold value δ > 0, we seek the minimum number of edits to σ such that the Fréchet distance between the edited σ and π is at most δ. For the edit operations we consider three cases, namely, deletion of vertices, insertion of vertices, or both. For this basic problem we consider a number of variants. Specifically, we provide polynomial time algorithms for both discrete and continuous Fréchet edit distance variants, as well as hardness results for weak Fréchet edit distance variants. 
 Cite asEmily Fox, Amir Nayyeri, Jonathan James Perry, and Benjamin Raichel. Fréchet Edit Distance. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 58:1-58:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{fox_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.58 author = {Fox, Emily and Nayyeri, Amir and Perry, Jonathan James and Raichel, Benjamin}, title = {{Fr\'{e}chet Edit Distance}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {58:1--58:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.58}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200032}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.58}, annote = {Keywords: Fr\'{e}chet distance, Edit distance, Hardness} }@InProceedings{fox_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.58 author = {Fox, Emily and Nayyeri, Amir and Perry, Jonathan James and Raichel, Benjamin}, title = {{Fr\'{e}chet Edit Distance}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {58:1--58:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.58}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200032}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.58}, annote = {Keywords: Fr\'{e}chet distance, Edit distance, Hardness} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.59" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.59
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.59/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.59.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.59" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.59" - A Structure Theorem for Pseudo-Segments and Its Applications
Authors:Jacob Fox, János Pach, and Andrew Suk 
 AbstractWe prove a far-reaching strengthening of Szemerédi’s regularity lemma for intersection graphs of pseudo-segments. It shows that the vertex set of such graphs can be partitioned into a bounded number of parts of roughly the same size such that almost all of the bipartite graphs between pairs of parts are complete or empty. We use this to get an improved bound on disjoint edges in simple topological graphs, showing that every n-vertex simple topological graph with no k pairwise disjoint edges has at most n(log n)^O(log k) edges. 
 Cite asJacob Fox, János Pach, and Andrew Suk. A Structure Theorem for Pseudo-Segments and Its Applications. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 59:1-59:14, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{fox_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.59 author = {Fox, Jacob and Pach, J\'{a}nos and Suk, Andrew}, title = {{A Structure Theorem for Pseudo-Segments and Its Applications}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {59:1--59:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.59}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200040}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.59}, annote = {Keywords: Regularity lemma, pseudo-segments, intersection graphs} }@InProceedings{fox_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.59 author = {Fox, Jacob and Pach, J\'{a}nos and Suk, Andrew}, title = {{A Structure Theorem for Pseudo-Segments and Its Applications}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {59:1--59:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.59}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200040}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.59}, annote = {Keywords: Regularity lemma, pseudo-segments, intersection graphs} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.60" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.60
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.60/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.60.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.60" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.60" - Near Optimal Locality Sensitive Orderings in Euclidean Space
Authors:Zhimeng Gao and Sariel Har-Peled 
 AbstractFor a parameter ε ∈ (0,1), a set of ε-locality-sensitive orderings (LSOs) has the property that for any two points, p,q ∈ [0,1)^d, there exist an order in the set such that all the points between p and q (in the order) are ε-close to either p or q. Since the original construction of LSOs can not be (significantly) improved, we present a construction of modified LSOs, that yields a smaller set, while preserving their usefulness. Specifically, the resulting set of LSOs has size M = O(ℰ^{d-1} log ℰ), where ℰ = 1/ε. This improves over previous work by a factor of ℰ, and is optimal up to a factor of log ℰ. As a consequence we get a flotilla of improved dynamic geometric algorithms, such as maintaining bichromatic closest pair, and spanners, among others. In particular, for geometric dynamic spanners the new result matches (up to the aforementioned log ℰ factor) the lower bound, Specifically, this is a near-optimal simple dynamic data-structure for maintaining spanners under insertions and deletions. 
 Cite asZhimeng Gao and Sariel Har-Peled. Near Optimal Locality Sensitive Orderings in Euclidean Space. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 60:1-60:14, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{gao_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.60 author = {Gao, Zhimeng and Har-Peled, Sariel}, title = {{Near Optimal Locality Sensitive Orderings in Euclidean Space}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {60:1--60:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.60}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200053}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.60}, annote = {Keywords: Orderings, approximation} }@InProceedings{gao_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.60 author = {Gao, Zhimeng and Har-Peled, Sariel}, title = {{Near Optimal Locality Sensitive Orderings in Euclidean Space}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {60:1--60:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.60}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200053}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.60}, annote = {Keywords: Orderings, approximation} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.61" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.61
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.61/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.61.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.61" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.61" - Approximating the Maximum Independent Set of Convex Polygons with a Bounded Number of Directions
Authors:Fabrizio Grandoni, Edin Husić, Mathieu Mari, and Antoine Tinguely 
 AbstractIn the maximum independent set of convex polygons problem, we are given a set of n convex polygons in the plane with the objective of selecting a maximum cardinality subset of non-overlapping polygons. Here we study a special case of the problem where the edges of the polygons can take at most d fixed directions. We present an 8d/3-approximation algorithm for this problem running in time O((nd)^O(d4^d)). The previous-best polynomial-time approximation (for constant d) was a classical n^ε approximation by Fox and Pach [SODA'11] that has recently been improved to a OPT^ε-approximation algorithm by Cslovjecsek, Pilipczuk and Węgrzycki [SODA '24], which also extends to an arbitrary set of convex polygons. Our result builds on, and generalizes the recent constant factor approximation algorithms for the maximum independent set of axis-parallel rectangles problem (which is a special case of our problem with d = 2) by Mitchell [FOCS'21] and Gálvez, Khan, Mari, Mömke, Reddy, and Wiese [SODA'22]. 
 Cite asFabrizio Grandoni, Edin Husić, Mathieu Mari, and Antoine Tinguely. Approximating the Maximum Independent Set of Convex Polygons with a Bounded Number of Directions. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 61:1-61:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{grandoni_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.61 author = {Grandoni, Fabrizio and Husi\'{c}, Edin and Mari, Mathieu and Tinguely, Antoine}, title = {{Approximating the Maximum Independent Set of Convex Polygons with a Bounded Number of Directions}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {61:1--61:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.61}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200066}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.61}, annote = {Keywords: Approximation algorithms, packing, independent set, polygons} }@InProceedings{grandoni_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.61 author = {Grandoni, Fabrizio and Husi\'{c}, Edin and Mari, Mathieu and Tinguely, Antoine}, title = {{Approximating the Maximum Independent Set of Convex Polygons with a Bounded Number of Directions}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {61:1--61:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.61}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200066}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.61}, annote = {Keywords: Approximation algorithms, packing, independent set, polygons} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.62" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.62
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.62/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.62.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.62" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.62" - Approximating Multiplicatively Weighted Voronoi Diagrams: Efficient Construction with Linear Size
Authors:Joachim Gudmundsson, Martin P. Seybold, and Sampson Wong 
 AbstractGiven a set of n sites from ℝ^d, each having some positive weight factor, the Multiplicatively Weighted Voronoi Diagram is a subdivision of space that associates each cell to the site whose weighted Euclidean distance is minimal for all points in the cell. We give novel approximation algorithms that output a cube-based subdivision such that the weighted distance of a point with respect to the associated site is at most (1+ε) times the minimum weighted distance, for any fixed parameter ε ∈ (0,1). The diagram size is O_d(n log(1/ε)/ε^{d-1}) and the construction time is within an O_D(log(n)/ε^{(d+5)/2})-factor of the size bound. We also prove a matching lower bound for the size, showing that the proposed method is the first to achieve optimal size, up to Θ(1)^d-factors. In particular, the obscure log(1/ε) factor is unavoidable. As a by-product, we obtain a factor d^{O(d)} improvement in size for the unweighted case and O(d log(n) + d² log(1/ε)) point-location time in the subdivision, improving the known query bound by one d-factor. The key ingredients of our approximation algorithms are the study of convex regions that we call cores, an adaptive refinement algorithm to obtain optimal size, and a novel notion of bisector coresets, which may be of independent interest. In particular, we show that coresets with O_d(1/ε^{(d+3)/2}) worst-case size can be computed in near-linear time. 
 Cite asJoachim Gudmundsson, Martin P. Seybold, and Sampson Wong. Approximating Multiplicatively Weighted Voronoi Diagrams: Efficient Construction with Linear Size. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 62:1-62:14, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{gudmundsson_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.62 author = {Gudmundsson, Joachim and Seybold, Martin P. and Wong, Sampson}, title = {{Approximating Multiplicatively Weighted Voronoi Diagrams: Efficient Construction with Linear Size}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {62:1--62:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.62}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200078}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.62}, annote = {Keywords: Multiplicatively Weighted Voronoi Diagram, Compressed QuadTree, Adaptive Refinement, Bisector Coresets, Semi-Separated Pair Decomposition, Lower Bound} }@InProceedings{gudmundsson_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.62 author = {Gudmundsson, Joachim and Seybold, Martin P. and Wong, Sampson}, title = {{Approximating Multiplicatively Weighted Voronoi Diagrams: Efficient Construction with Linear Size}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {62:1--62:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.62}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200078}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.62}, annote = {Keywords: Multiplicatively Weighted Voronoi Diagram, Compressed QuadTree, Adaptive Refinement, Bisector Coresets, Semi-Separated Pair Decomposition, Lower Bound} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.63" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.63
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.63/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.63.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.63" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.63" - Faster Fréchet Distance Approximation Through Truncated Smoothing
Authors:Thijs van der Horst and Tim Ophelders 
 AbstractThe Fréchet distance is a popular distance measure for curves. Computing the Fréchet distance between two polygonal curves of n vertices takes roughly quadratic time, and conditional lower bounds suggest that even approximating to within a factor 3 cannot be done in strongly-subquadratic time, even in one dimension. The current best approximation algorithms present trade-offs between approximation quality and running time. Recently, van der Horst et al. (SODA, 2023) presented an O((n²/α) log³ n) time α-approximate algorithm for curves in arbitrary dimensions, for any α ∈ [1, n]. Our main contribution is an approximation algorithm for curves in one dimension, with a significantly faster running time of O(n log³ n + (n²/α³) log²n log log n). Additionally, we give an algorithm for curves in arbitrary dimensions that improves upon the state-of-the-art running time by a logarithmic factor, to O((n²/α) log² n). Both of our algorithms rely on a linear-time simplification procedure that in one dimension reduces the complexity of the reachable free space to O(n²/α) without making sacrifices in the asymptotic approximation factor. 
 Cite asThijs van der Horst and Tim Ophelders. Faster Fréchet Distance Approximation Through Truncated Smoothing. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 63:1-63:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{vanderhorst_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.63 author = {van der Horst, Thijs and Ophelders, Tim}, title = {{Faster Fr\'{e}chet Distance Approximation Through Truncated Smoothing}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {63:1--63:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.63}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200083}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.63}, annote = {Keywords: Fr\'{e}cht distance, approximation algorithms, simplification} }@InProceedings{vanderhorst_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.63 author = {van der Horst, Thijs and Ophelders, Tim}, title = {{Faster Fr\'{e}chet Distance Approximation Through Truncated Smoothing}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {63:1--63:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.63}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200083}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.63}, annote = {Keywords: Fr\'{e}cht distance, approximation algorithms, simplification} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.64" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.64
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.64/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.64.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.64" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.64" - Moderate Dimension Reduction for k-Center Clustering
Authors:Shaofeng H.-C. Jiang, Robert Krauthgamer, and Shay Sapir 
 AbstractThe Johnson-Lindenstrauss (JL) Lemma introduced the concept of dimension reduction via a random linear map, which has become a fundamental technique in many computational settings. For a set of n points in ℝ^d and any fixed ε > 0, it reduces the dimension d to O(log n) while preserving, with high probability, all the pairwise Euclidean distances within factor 1+ε. Perhaps surprisingly, the target dimension can be lower if one only wishes to preserve the optimal value of a certain problem on the pointset, e.g., Euclidean max-cut or k-means. However, for some notorious problems, like diameter (aka furthest pair), dimension reduction via the JL map to below O(log n) does not preserve the optimal value within factor 1+ε. We propose to focus on another regime, of moderate dimension reduction, where a problem’s value is preserved within factor α > 1 using target dimension (log n)/poly(α). We establish the viability of this approach and show that the famous k-center problem is α-approximated when reducing to dimension O({log n}/α² + log k). Along the way, we address the diameter problem via the special case k = 1. Our result extends to several important variants of k-center (with outliers, capacities, or fairness constraints), and the bound improves further with the input’s doubling dimension. While our poly(α)-factor improvement in the dimension may seem small, it actually has significant implications for streaming algorithms, and easily yields an algorithm for k-center in dynamic geometric streams, that achieves O(α)-approximation using space poly(kdn^{1/α²}). This is the first algorithm to beat O(n) space in high dimension d, as all previous algorithms require space at least exp(d). Furthermore, it extends to the k-center variants mentioned above. 
 Cite asShaofeng H.-C. Jiang, Robert Krauthgamer, and Shay Sapir. Moderate Dimension Reduction for k-Center Clustering. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 64:1-64:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{jiang_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.64 author = {Jiang, Shaofeng H.-C. and Krauthgamer, Robert and Sapir, Shay}, title = {{Moderate Dimension Reduction for k-Center Clustering}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {64:1--64:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.64}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200095}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.64}, annote = {Keywords: Johnson-Lindenstrauss transform, dimension reduction, clustering, streaming algorithms} }@InProceedings{jiang_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.64 author = {Jiang, Shaofeng H.-C. and Krauthgamer, Robert and Sapir, Shay}, title = {{Moderate Dimension Reduction for k-Center Clustering}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {64:1--64:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.64}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200095}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.64}, annote = {Keywords: Johnson-Lindenstrauss transform, dimension reduction, clustering, streaming algorithms} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.65" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.65
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.65/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.65.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.65" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.65" - On the Parameterized Complexity of Motion Planning for Rectangular Robots
Authors:Iyad Kanj and Salman Parsa 
 AbstractWe study computationally-hard fundamental motion planning problems where the goal is to translate k axis-aligned rectangular robots from their initial positions to their final positions without collision, and with the minimum number of translation moves. Our aim is to understand the interplay between the number of robots and the geometric complexity of the input instance measured by the input size, which is the number of bits needed to encode the coordinates of the rectangles' vertices. We focus on axis-aligned translations, and more generally, translations restricted to a given set of directions, and we study the two settings where the robots move in the free plane, and where they are confined to a bounding box. We also consider two modes of motion: serial and parallel. We obtain fixed-parameter tractable (FPT) algorithms parameterized by k for all the settings under consideration. In the case where the robots move serially (i.e., one in each time step) and axis-aligned, we prove a structural result stating that every problem instance admits an optimal solution in which the moves are along a grid, whose size is a function of k, that can be defined based on the input instance. This structural result implies that the problem is fixed-parameter tractable parameterized by k. We also consider the case in which the robots move in parallel (i.e., multiple robots can move during the same time step), and which falls under the category of Coordinated Motion Planning problems. Our techniques for the axis-aligned motion here differ from those for the case of serial motion. We employ a search tree approach and perform a careful examination of the relative geometric positions of the robots that allow us to reduce the problem to FPT-many Linear Programming instances, thus obtaining an FPT algorithm. Finally, we show that, when the robots move in the free plane, the FPT results for the serial motion case carry over to the case where the translations are restricted to any given set of directions. 
 Cite asIyad Kanj and Salman Parsa. On the Parameterized Complexity of Motion Planning for Rectangular Robots. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 65:1-65:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{kanj_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.65 author = {Kanj, Iyad and Parsa, Salman}, title = {{On the Parameterized Complexity of Motion Planning for Rectangular Robots}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {65:1--65:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.65}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200108}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.65}, annote = {Keywords: motion planning of rectangular robots, coordinated motion planing of rectangular robots, parameterized complexity} }@InProceedings{kanj_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.65 author = {Kanj, Iyad and Parsa, Salman}, title = {{On the Parameterized Complexity of Motion Planning for Rectangular Robots}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {65:1--65:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.65}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200108}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.65}, annote = {Keywords: motion planning of rectangular robots, coordinated motion planing of rectangular robots, parameterized complexity} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.66" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.66
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.66/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.66.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.66" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.66" - Zarankiewicz’s Problem via ε-t-Nets
Authors:Chaya Keller and Shakhar Smorodinsky 
 AbstractThe classical Zarankiewicz’s problem asks for the maximum number of edges in a bipartite graph on n vertices which does not contain the complete bipartite graph K_{t,t}. Kővári, Sós and Turán proved an upper bound of O(n^{2-1/t}). Fox et al. obtained an improved bound of O(n^{2-1/d}) for graphs of VC-dimension d (where d < t). Basit, Chernikov, Starchenko, Tao and Tran improved the bound for the case of semilinear graphs. Chan and Har-Peled further improved Basit et al.’s bounds and presented (quasi-)linear upper bounds for several classes of geometrically-defined incidence graphs, including a bound of O(n log log n) for the incidence graph of points and pseudo-discs in the plane. In this paper we present a new approach to Zarankiewicz’s problem, via ε-t-nets - a recently introduced generalization of the classical notion of ε-nets. Using the new approach, we obtain a sharp bound of O(n) for the intersection graph of two families of pseudo-discs, thus both improving and generalizing the result of Chan and Har-Peled from incidence graphs to intersection graphs. We also obtain a short proof of the O(n^{2-1/d}) bound of Fox et al., and show improved bounds for several other classes of geometric intersection graphs, including a sharp O(n {log n}/{log log n}) bound for the intersection graph of two families of axis-parallel rectangles. 
 Cite asChaya Keller and Shakhar Smorodinsky. Zarankiewicz’s Problem via ε-t-Nets. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 66:1-66:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{keller_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.66 author = {Keller, Chaya and Smorodinsky, Shakhar}, title = {{Zarankiewicz’s Problem via \epsilon-t-Nets}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {66:1--66:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.66}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200111}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.66}, annote = {Keywords: Zarankiewicz’s Problem, \epsilon-t-nets, pseudo-discs, VC-dimension} }@InProceedings{keller_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.66 author = {Keller, Chaya and Smorodinsky, Shakhar}, title = {{Zarankiewicz’s Problem via \epsilon-t-Nets}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {66:1--66:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.66}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200111}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.66}, annote = {Keywords: Zarankiewicz’s Problem, \epsilon-t-nets, pseudo-discs, VC-dimension} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.67" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.67
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.67/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.67.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.67" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.67" - Separator Theorem and Algorithms for Planar Hyperbolic Graphs
Authors:Sándor Kisfaludi-Bak, Jana Masaříková, Erik Jan van Leeuwen, Bartosz Walczak, and Karol Węgrzycki 
 AbstractThe hyperbolicity of a graph, informally, measures how close a graph is (metrically) to a tree. Hence, it is intuitively similar to treewidth, but the measures are formally incomparable. Motivated by the broad study of algorithms and separators on planar graphs and their relation to treewidth, we initiate the study of planar graphs of bounded hyperbolicity. Our main technical contribution is a novel balanced separator theorem for planar δ-hyperbolic graphs that is substantially stronger than the classic planar separator theorem. For any fixed δ ⩾ 0, we can find a small balanced separator that induces either a single geodesic (shortest) path or a single geodesic cycle in the graph. An important advantage of our separator is that the union of our separator (vertex set Z) with any subset of the connected components of G - Z induces again a planar δ-hyperbolic graph, which would not be guaranteed with an arbitrary separator. Our construction runs in near-linear time and guarantees that the size of the separator is poly(δ) ⋅ log n. As an application of our separator theorem and its strong properties, we obtain two novel approximation schemes on planar δ-hyperbolic graphs. We prove that both Maximum Independent Set and the Traveling Salesperson problem have a near-linear time FPTAS for any constant δ, running in n polylog(n) ⋅ 2^𝒪(δ²) ⋅ ε^{-𝒪(δ)} time. We also show that our approximation scheme for Maximum Independent Set has essentially the best possible running time under the Exponential Time Hypothesis (ETH). This immediately follows from our third contribution: we prove that Maximum Independent Set has no n^{o(δ)}-time algorithm on planar δ-hyperbolic graphs, unless ETH fails. 
 Cite asSándor Kisfaludi-Bak, Jana Masaříková, Erik Jan van Leeuwen, Bartosz Walczak, and Karol Węgrzycki. Separator Theorem and Algorithms for Planar Hyperbolic Graphs. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 67:1-67:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{kisfaludibak_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.67 author = {Kisfaludi-Bak, S\'{a}ndor and Masa\v{r}{\'\i}kov\'{a}, Jana and van Leeuwen, Erik Jan and Walczak, Bartosz and W\k{e}grzycki, Karol}, title = {{Separator Theorem and Algorithms for Planar Hyperbolic Graphs}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {67:1--67:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.67}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200126}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.67}, annote = {Keywords: Hyperbolic metric, Planar Graphs, r-Division, Approximation Algorithms} }@InProceedings{kisfaludibak_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.67 author = {Kisfaludi-Bak, S\'{a}ndor and Masa\v{r}{\'\i}kov\'{a}, Jana and van Leeuwen, Erik Jan and Walczak, Bartosz and W\k{e}grzycki, Karol}, title = {{Separator Theorem and Algorithms for Planar Hyperbolic Graphs}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {67:1--67:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.67}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200126}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.67}, annote = {Keywords: Hyperbolic metric, Planar Graphs, r-Division, Approximation Algorithms} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.68" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.68
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.68/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.68.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.68" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.68" - A Quadtree, a Steiner Spanner, and Approximate Nearest Neighbours in Hyperbolic Space
Authors:Sándor Kisfaludi-Bak and Geert van Wordragen 
 AbstractWe propose a data structure in d-dimensional hyperbolic space that can be considered a natural counterpart to quadtrees in Euclidean spaces. Based on this data structure we propose a so-called L-order for hyperbolic point sets, which is an extension of the Z-order defined in Euclidean spaces. Using these quadtrees and the L-order we build geometric spanners. Near-linear size (1+ε)-spanners do not exist in hyperbolic spaces, but we create a Steiner spanner that achieves a spanning ratio of 1+ε with O_{d,ε}(n) edges, using a simple construction that can be maintained dynamically. As a corollary we also get a (2+ε)-spanner (in the classical sense) of the same size, where the spanning ratio 2+ε is almost optimal among spanners of subquadratic size. Finally, we show that our Steiner spanner directly provides an elegant solution to the approximate nearest neighbour problem: given a point set P in d-dimensional hyperbolic space we build the data structure in O_{d,ε}(nlog n) time, using O_{d,ε}(n) space. Then for any query point q we can find a point p ∈ P that is at most 1+ε times farther from q than its nearest neighbour in P in O_{d,ε}(log n) time. Moreover, the data structure is dynamic and can handle point insertions and deletions with update time O_{d,ε}(log n). This is the first dynamic nearest neighbour data structure in hyperbolic space with proven efficiency guarantees. 
 Cite asSándor Kisfaludi-Bak and Geert van Wordragen. A Quadtree, a Steiner Spanner, and Approximate Nearest Neighbours in Hyperbolic Space. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 68:1-68:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{kisfaludibak_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.68 author = {Kisfaludi-Bak, S\'{a}ndor and van Wordragen, Geert}, title = {{A Quadtree, a Steiner Spanner, and Approximate Nearest Neighbours in Hyperbolic Space}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {68:1--68:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.68}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200133}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.68}, annote = {Keywords: hyperbolic geometry, Steiner spanner, dynamic approximate nearest neighbours} }@InProceedings{kisfaludibak_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.68 author = {Kisfaludi-Bak, S\'{a}ndor and van Wordragen, Geert}, title = {{A Quadtree, a Steiner Spanner, and Approximate Nearest Neighbours in Hyperbolic Space}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {68:1--68:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.68}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200133}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.68}, annote = {Keywords: hyperbolic geometry, Steiner spanner, dynamic approximate nearest neighbours} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.69" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.69
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.69/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.69.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.69" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.69" - The Medial Axis of Any Closed Bounded Set Is Lipschitz Stable with Respect to the Hausdorff Distance Under Ambient Diffeomorphisms
Authors:Hana Dal Poz Kouřimská, André Lieutier, and Mathijs Wintraecken 
 AbstractWe prove that the medial axis of closed sets is Hausdorff stable in the following sense: Let 𝒮 ⊆ ℝ^d be a fixed closed set that contains a bounding sphere. That is, the bounding sphere is part of the set 𝒮. Consider the space of C^{1,1} diffeomorphisms of ℝ^d to itself, which keep the bounding sphere invariant. The map from this space of diffeomorphisms (endowed with a Banach norm) to the space of closed subsets of ℝ^d (endowed with the Hausdorff distance), mapping a diffeomorphism F to the closure of the medial axis of F(𝒮), is Lipschitz. This extends a previous stability result of Chazal and Soufflet on the stability of the medial axis of C² manifolds under C² ambient diffeomorphisms. 
 Cite asHana Dal Poz Kouřimská, André Lieutier, and Mathijs Wintraecken. The Medial Axis of Any Closed Bounded Set Is Lipschitz Stable with Respect to the Hausdorff Distance Under Ambient Diffeomorphisms. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 69:1-69:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{dalpozkourimska_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.69 author = {Dal Poz Kou\v{r}imsk\'{a}, Hana and Lieutier, Andr\'{e} and Wintraecken, Mathijs}, title = {{The Medial Axis of Any Closed Bounded Set Is Lipschitz Stable with Respect to the Hausdorff Distance Under Ambient Diffeomorphisms}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {69:1--69:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.69}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200149}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.69}, annote = {Keywords: Medial axis, Hausdorff distance, Lipschitz continuity} }@InProceedings{dalpozkourimska_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.69 author = {Dal Poz Kou\v{r}imsk\'{a}, Hana and Lieutier, Andr\'{e} and Wintraecken, Mathijs}, title = {{The Medial Axis of Any Closed Bounded Set Is Lipschitz Stable with Respect to the Hausdorff Distance Under Ambient Diffeomorphisms}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {69:1--69:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.69}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200149}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.69}, annote = {Keywords: Medial axis, Hausdorff distance, Lipschitz continuity} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.70" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.70
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.70/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.70.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.70" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.70" - Strange Random Topology of the Circle
Authors:Uzu Lim 
 AbstractA paradigm in topological data analysis asserts that persistent homology should be computed to recover the homology of a data manifold. But could there be more to persistent homology? In this paper I bound probabilities that a random m Čech complex built on a circle attains high-dimensional topology. This builds on the known result that any nerve complex of circular arcs has the homotopy type of a bouquet of spheres. We observe a phase transition going from one 1-sphere, bouquet of 2-spheres, one 3-sphere, bouquet of 4-spheres, and so on. Furthermore, the even-dimensional Betti numbers become arbitrarily large over shrinking intervals. Our main tool is an exact computation of the expected Euler characteristic, combined with constraints on homotopy types. The systematic behaviour we observe cannot be regarded as a "topological noise", and calls for deeper investigations from the TDA community. 
 Cite asUzu Lim. Strange Random Topology of the Circle. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 70:1-70:17, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{lim:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.70 author = {Lim, Uzu}, title = {{Strange Random Topology of the Circle}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {70:1--70:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.70}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200150}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.70}, annote = {Keywords: Topological data analysis, persistent homology, stochastic topology} }@InProceedings{lim:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.70 author = {Lim, Uzu}, title = {{Strange Random Topology of the Circle}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {70:1--70:17}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.70}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200150}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.70}, annote = {Keywords: Topological data analysis, persistent homology, stochastic topology} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.71" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.71
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.71/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.71.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.71" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.71" - Beyond Chromatic Threshold via (p,q)-Theorem, and Blow-Up Phenomenon
Authors:Hong Liu, Chong Shangguan, Jozef Skokan, and Zixiang Xu 
 AbstractWe establish a novel connection between the well-known chromatic threshold problem in extremal combinatorics and the celebrated (p,q)-theorem in discrete geometry. In particular, for a graph G with bounded clique number and a natural density condition, we prove a (p,q)-theorem for an abstract convexity space associated with G. Our result strengthens those of Thomassen and Nikiforov on the chromatic threshold of cliques. Our (p,q)-theorem can also be viewed as a χ-boundedness result for (what we call) ultra maximal K_r-free graphs. We further show that the graphs under study are blow-ups of constant size graphs, improving a result of Oberkampf and Schacht on homomorphism threshold of cliques. Our result unravels the cause underpinning such a blow-up phenomenon, differentiating the chromatic and homomorphism threshold problems for cliques. Our result implies that for the homomorphism threshold problem, rather than the minimum degree condition usually considered in the literature, the decisive factor is a clique density condition on co-neighborhoods of vertices. More precisely, we show that if an n-vertex K_r-free graph G satisfies that the common neighborhood of every pair of non-adjacent vertices induces a subgraph with K_{r-2}-density at least ε > 0, then G must be a blow-up of some K_r-free graph F on at most 2^O(r/ε log1/ε) vertices. Furthermore, this single exponential bound is optimal. We construct examples with no K_r-free homomorphic image of size smaller than 2^Ω_r(1/ε). 
 Cite asHong Liu, Chong Shangguan, Jozef Skokan, and Zixiang Xu. Beyond Chromatic Threshold via (p,q)-Theorem, and Blow-Up Phenomenon. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 71:1-71:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{liu_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.71 author = {Liu, Hong and Shangguan, Chong and Skokan, Jozef and Xu, Zixiang}, title = {{Beyond Chromatic Threshold via (p,q)-Theorem, and Blow-Up Phenomenon}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {71:1--71:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.71}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200162}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.71}, annote = {Keywords: (p,q)-theorem, fractional Helly number, weak \epsilon-net, chromatic threshold, VC dimension} }@InProceedings{liu_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.71 author = {Liu, Hong and Shangguan, Chong and Skokan, Jozef and Xu, Zixiang}, title = {{Beyond Chromatic Threshold via (p,q)-Theorem, and Blow-Up Phenomenon}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {71:1--71:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.71}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200162}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.71}, annote = {Keywords: (p,q)-theorem, fractional Helly number, weak \epsilon-net, chromatic threshold, VC dimension} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.72" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.72
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.72/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.72.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.72" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.72" - A 1.9999-Approximation Algorithm for Vertex Cover on String Graphs
Authors:Daniel Lokshtanov, Fahad Panolan, Saket Saurabh, Jie Xue, and Meirav Zehavi 
 AbstractVertex Cover is a fundamental optimization problem, and is among Karp’s 21 NP-complete problems. The problem aims to compute, for a given graph G, a minimum-size set S of vertices of G such that G - S contains no edge. Vertex Cover admits a simple polynomial-time 2-approximation algorithm, which is the best approximation ratio one can achieve in polynomial time, assuming the Unique Game Conjecture. However, on many restrictive graph classes, it is possible to obtain better-than-2 approximation in polynomial time (or even PTASes) for Vertex Cover. In the club of geometric intersection graphs, examples of such graph classes include unit-disk graphs, disk graphs, pseudo-disk graphs, rectangle graphs, etc. In this paper, we study Vertex Cover on the broadest class of geometric intersection graphs in the plane, known as string graphs, which are intersection graphs of any connected geometric objects in the plane. Our main result is a polynomial-time 1.9999-approximation algorithm for Vertex Cover on string graphs, breaking the natural 2 barrier. Prior to this work, no better-than-2 approximation (in polynomial time) was known even for special cases of string graphs, such as intersection graphs of segments. Our algorithm is simple, robust (in the sense that it does not require the geometric realization of the input string graph to be given), and also works for the weighted version of Vertex Cover. Due to a connection between approximation for Independent Set and approximation for Vertex Cover observed by Har-Peled, our result can be viewed as a first step towards obtaining constant-approximation algorithms for Independent Set on string graphs. 
 Cite asDaniel Lokshtanov, Fahad Panolan, Saket Saurabh, Jie Xue, and Meirav Zehavi. A 1.9999-Approximation Algorithm for Vertex Cover on String Graphs. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 72:1-72:11, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{lokshtanov_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.72 author = {Lokshtanov, Daniel and Panolan, Fahad and Saurabh, Saket and Xue, Jie and Zehavi, Meirav}, title = {{A 1.9999-Approximation Algorithm for Vertex Cover on String Graphs}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {72:1--72:11}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.72}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200174}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.72}, annote = {Keywords: vertex cover, geometric intersection graphs, approximation algorithms} }@InProceedings{lokshtanov_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.72 author = {Lokshtanov, Daniel and Panolan, Fahad and Saurabh, Saket and Xue, Jie and Zehavi, Meirav}, title = {{A 1.9999-Approximation Algorithm for Vertex Cover on String Graphs}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {72:1--72:11}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.72}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200174}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.72}, annote = {Keywords: vertex cover, geometric intersection graphs, approximation algorithms} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.73" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.73
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.73/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.73.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.73" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.73" - Demystifying Latschev’s Theorem: Manifold Reconstruction from Noisy Data
Authors:Sushovan Majhi 
 AbstractFor a closed Riemannian manifold ℳ and a metric space S with a small Gromov-Hausdorff distance to it, Latschev’s theorem guarantees the existence of a sufficiently small scale β > 0 at which the Vietoris-Rips complex of S is homotopy equivalent to ℳ. Despite being regarded as a stepping stone to the topological reconstruction of Riemannian manifolds from a noisy data, the result is only a qualitative guarantee. Until now, it had been elusive how to quantitatively choose such a proximity scale β in order to provide sampling conditions for S to be homotopy equivalent to ℳ. In this paper, we prove a stronger and pragmatic version of Latschev’s theorem, facilitating a simple description of β using the sectional curvatures and convexity radius of ℳ as the sampling parameters. Our study also delves into the topological recovery of a closed Euclidean submanifold from the Vietoris-Rips complexes of a Hausdorff close Euclidean subset. As already known for Čech complexes, we show that Vietoris-Rips complexes also provide topologically faithful reconstruction guarantees for submanifolds. 
 Cite asSushovan Majhi. Demystifying Latschev’s Theorem: Manifold Reconstruction from Noisy Data. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 73:1-73:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{majhi:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.73 author = {Majhi, Sushovan}, title = {{Demystifying Latschev’s Theorem: Manifold Reconstruction from Noisy Data}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {73:1--73:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.73}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200188}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.73}, annote = {Keywords: Vietoris-Rips complex, submanifold reconstruction, manifold reconstruction, Latschev’s theorem, homotopy Equivalence} }@InProceedings{majhi:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.73 author = {Majhi, Sushovan}, title = {{Demystifying Latschev’s Theorem: Manifold Reconstruction from Noisy Data}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {73:1--73:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.73}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200188}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.73}, annote = {Keywords: Vietoris-Rips complex, submanifold reconstruction, manifold reconstruction, Latschev’s theorem, homotopy Equivalence} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.74" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.74
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.74/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.74.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.74" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.74" - Polychromatic Colorings of Geometric Hypergraphs via Shallow Hitting Sets
Authors:Tim Planken and Torsten Ueckerdt 
 AbstractA range family ℛ is a family of subsets of ℝ^d, like all halfplanes, or all unit disks. Given a range family ℛ, we consider the m-uniform range capturing hypergraphs ℋ(V,ℛ,m) whose vertex-sets V are finite sets of points in ℝ^d with any m vertices forming a hyperedge e whenever e = V ∩ R for some R ∈ ℛ. Given additionally an integer k ≥ 2, we seek to find the minimum m = m_ℛ(k) such that every ℋ(V,ℛ,m) admits a polychromatic k-coloring of its vertices, that is, where every hyperedge contains at least one point of each color. Clearly, m_ℛ(k) ≥ k and the gold standard is an upper bound m_ℛ(k) = O(k) that is linear in k. A t-shallow hitting set in ℋ(V,ℛ,m) is a subset S ⊆ V such that 1 ≤ |e ∩ S| ≤ t for each hyperedge e; i.e., every hyperedge is hit at least once but at most t times by S. We show for several range families ℛ the existence of t-shallow hitting sets in every ℋ(V,ℛ,m) with t being a constant only depending on ℛ. This in particular proves that m_ℛ(k) ≤ tk = O(k) in such cases, improving previous polynomial bounds in k. Particularly, we prove this for the range families of all axis-aligned strips in ℝ^d, all bottomless and topless rectangles in ℝ², and for all unit-height axis-aligned rectangles in ℝ². 
 Cite asTim Planken and Torsten Ueckerdt. Polychromatic Colorings of Geometric Hypergraphs via Shallow Hitting Sets. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 74:1-74:14, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{planken_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.74 author = {Planken, Tim and Ueckerdt, Torsten}, title = {{Polychromatic Colorings of Geometric Hypergraphs via Shallow Hitting Sets}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {74:1--74:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.74}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200199}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.74}, annote = {Keywords: geometric hypergraphs, range spaces, polychromatic coloring, shallow hitting sets} }@InProceedings{planken_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.74 author = {Planken, Tim and Ueckerdt, Torsten}, title = {{Polychromatic Colorings of Geometric Hypergraphs via Shallow Hitting Sets}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {74:1--74:14}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.74}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200199}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.74}, annote = {Keywords: geometric hypergraphs, range spaces, polychromatic coloring, shallow hitting sets} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.75" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.75
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.75/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.75.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.75" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.75" - Morse Theory for the k-NN Distance Function
Authors:Yohai Reani and Omer Bobrowski 
 AbstractWe study the k-th nearest neighbor distance function from a finite point-set in ℝ^d. We provide a Morse theoretic framework to analyze the sub-level set topology. In particular, we present a simple combinatorial-geometric characterization for critical points and their indices, along with detailed information about the possible changes in homology at the critical levels. We conclude by computing the expected number of critical points for a homogeneous Poisson process. Our results deliver significant insights and tools for the analysis of persistent homology in order-k Delaunay mosaics, and random k-fold coverage. 
 Cite asYohai Reani and Omer Bobrowski. Morse Theory for the k-NN Distance Function. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 75:1-75:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{reani_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.75 author = {Reani, Yohai and Bobrowski, Omer}, title = {{Morse Theory for the k-NN Distance Function}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {75:1--75:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.75}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200202}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.75}, annote = {Keywords: Applied topology, Morse theory, Distance function, k-nearest neighbor} }@InProceedings{reani_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.75 author = {Reani, Yohai and Bobrowski, Omer}, title = {{Morse Theory for the k-NN Distance Function}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {75:1--75:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.75}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200202}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.75}, annote = {Keywords: Applied topology, Morse theory, Distance function, k-nearest neighbor} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.76" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.76
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.76/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.76.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.76" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.76" - Grid Peeling of Parabolas
Authors:Günter Rote, Moritz Rüber, and Morteza Saghafian 
 AbstractGrid peeling is the process of repeatedly removing the convex hull vertices of the grid points that lie inside a given convex curve. It has been conjectured that, for a more and more refined grid, grid peeling converges to a continuous process, the affine curve-shortening flow, which deforms the curve based on the curvature. We prove this conjecture for one class of curves, parabolas with a vertical axis, and we determine the value of the constant factor in the formula that relates the two processes. 
 Cite asGünter Rote, Moritz Rüber, and Morteza Saghafian. Grid Peeling of Parabolas. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 76:1-76:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{rote_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.76 author = {Rote, G\"{u}nter and R\"{u}ber, Moritz and Saghafian, Morteza}, title = {{Grid Peeling of Parabolas}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {76:1--76:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.76}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200213}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.76}, annote = {Keywords: grid polygons, curvature flow} }@InProceedings{rote_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.76 author = {Rote, G\"{u}nter and R\"{u}ber, Moritz and Saghafian, Morteza}, title = {{Grid Peeling of Parabolas}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {76:1--76:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.76}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200213}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.76}, annote = {Keywords: grid polygons, curvature flow} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.77" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.77
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.77/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.77.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.77" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.77" - A Topological Version of Schaefer’s Dichotomy Theorem
Authors:Patrick Schnider and Simon Weber 
 AbstractSchaefer’s dichotomy theorem states that a Boolean constraint satisfaction problem (CSP) is polynomial-time solvable if one of four given conditions holds for every type of constraint allowed in its instances. Otherwise, it is NP-complete. In this paper, we analyze Boolean CSPs in terms of their topological complexity, instead of their computational complexity. Motivated by complexity and topological universality results in computational geometry, we attach a natural topological space to the set of solutions of a Boolean CSP and introduce the notion of projection-universality. We prove that a Boolean CSP is projection-universal if and only if it is categorized as NP-complete by Schaefer’s dichotomy theorem, showing that the dichotomy translates exactly from computational to topological complexity. We show a similar dichotomy for SAT variants and homotopy-universality. 
 Cite asPatrick Schnider and Simon Weber. A Topological Version of Schaefer’s Dichotomy Theorem. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 77:1-77:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{schnider_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.77 author = {Schnider, Patrick and Weber, Simon}, title = {{A Topological Version of Schaefer’s Dichotomy Theorem}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {77:1--77:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.77}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200220}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.77}, annote = {Keywords: Computational topology, Boolean CSP, satisfiability, computational complexity, solution space, homotopy universality, homological connectivity} }@InProceedings{schnider_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.77 author = {Schnider, Patrick and Weber, Simon}, title = {{A Topological Version of Schaefer’s Dichotomy Theorem}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {77:1--77:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.77}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200220}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.77}, annote = {Keywords: Computational topology, Boolean CSP, satisfiability, computational complexity, solution space, homotopy universality, homological connectivity} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.78" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.78
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.78/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.78.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.78" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.78" - Pach’s Animal Problem Within the Bounding Box
Authors:Martin Tancer 
 AbstractA collection of unit cubes with integer coordinates in ℝ³ is an animal if its union is homeomorphic to the 3-ball. Pach’s animal problem asks whether any animal can be transformed to a single cube by adding or removing cubes one by one in such a way that any intermediate step is an animal as well. Here we provide an example of an animal that cannot be transformed to a single cube this way within its bounding box. 
 Cite asMartin Tancer. Pach’s Animal Problem Within the Bounding Box. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 78:1-78:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{tancer:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.78 author = {Tancer, Martin}, title = {{Pach’s Animal Problem Within the Bounding Box}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {78:1--78:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.78}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200234}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.78}, annote = {Keywords: Animal problem, bounding box, non-shellable balls} }@InProceedings{tancer:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.78 author = {Tancer, Martin}, title = {{Pach’s Animal Problem Within the Bounding Box}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {78:1--78:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.78}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200234}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.78}, annote = {Keywords: Animal problem, bounding box, non-shellable balls} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.79" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.79
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.79/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.79.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.79" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.79" - Algorithms for Halfplane Coverage and Related Problems
Authors:Haitao Wang and Jie Xue 
 AbstractGiven in the plane a set of points and a set of halfplanes, we consider the problem of computing a smallest subset of halfplanes whose union covers all points. In this paper, we present an O(n^{4/3}log^{5/3}nlog^{O(1)}log n)-time algorithm for the problem, where n is the total number of all points and halfplanes. This improves the previously best algorithm of n^{10/3}2^{O(log^*n)} time by roughly a quadratic factor. For the special case where all halfplanes are lower ones, our algorithm runs in O(nlog n) time, which improves the previously best algorithm of n^{4/3}2^{O(log^*n)} time and matches an Ω(nlog n) lower bound. Further, our techniques can be extended to solve a star-shaped polygon coverage problem in O(nlog n) time, which in turn leads to an O(nlog n)-time algorithm for computing an instance-optimal ε-kernel of a set of n points in the plane. Agarwal and Har-Peled presented an O(nklog n)-time algorithm for this problem in SoCG 2023, where k is the size of the ε-kernel; they also raised an open question whether the problem can be solved in O(nlog n) time. Our result thus answers the open question affirmatively. 
 Cite asHaitao Wang and Jie Xue. Algorithms for Halfplane Coverage and Related Problems. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 79:1-79:15, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{wang_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.79 author = {Wang, Haitao and Xue, Jie}, title = {{Algorithms for Halfplane Coverage and Related Problems}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {79:1--79:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.79}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200248}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.79}, annote = {Keywords: halfplane coverage, circular coverage, star-shaped polygon coverage, \epsilon-kernels} }@InProceedings{wang_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.79 author = {Wang, Haitao and Xue, Jie}, title = {{Algorithms for Halfplane Coverage and Related Problems}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {79:1--79:15}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.79}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200248}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.79}, annote = {Keywords: halfplane coverage, circular coverage, star-shaped polygon coverage, \epsilon-kernels} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.80" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.80
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.80/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.80.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.80" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.80" - Measure-Theoretic Reeb Graphs and Reeb Spaces
Authors:Qingsong Wang, Guanqun Ma, Raghavendra Sridharamurthy, and Bei Wang 
 AbstractA Reeb graph is a graphical representation of a scalar function on a topological space that encodes the topology of the level sets. A Reeb space is a generalization of the Reeb graph to a multiparameter function. In this paper, we propose novel constructions of Reeb graphs and Reeb spaces that incorporate the use of a measure. Specifically, we introduce measure-theoretic Reeb graphs and Reeb spaces when the domain or the range is modeled as a metric measure space (i.e., a metric space equipped with a measure). Our main goal is to enhance the robustness of the Reeb graph and Reeb space in representing the topological features of a scalar field while accounting for the distribution of the measure. We first introduce a Reeb graph with local smoothing and prove its stability with respect to the interleaving distance. We then prove the stability of a Reeb graph of a metric measure space with respect to the measure, defined using the distance to a measure or the kernel distance to a measure, respectively. 
 Cite asQingsong Wang, Guanqun Ma, Raghavendra Sridharamurthy, and Bei Wang. Measure-Theoretic Reeb Graphs and Reeb Spaces. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 80:1-80:18, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{wang_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.80 author = {Wang, Qingsong and Ma, Guanqun and Sridharamurthy, Raghavendra and Wang, Bei}, title = {{Measure-Theoretic Reeb Graphs and Reeb Spaces}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {80:1--80:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.80}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200257}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.80}, annote = {Keywords: Reeb graph, Reeb space, metric measure space, topological data analysis} }@InProceedings{wang_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.80 author = {Wang, Qingsong and Ma, Guanqun and Sridharamurthy, Raghavendra and Wang, Bei}, title = {{Measure-Theoretic Reeb Graphs and Reeb Spaces}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {80:1--80:18}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.80}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200257}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.80}, annote = {Keywords: Reeb graph, Reeb space, metric measure space, topological data analysis} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.81" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.81
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.81/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.81.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.81" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.81" - Faster Approximation Scheme for Euclidean k-TSP
Authors:Ernest van Wijland and Hang Zhou 
 AbstractIn the Euclidean k-traveling salesman problem (k-TSP), we are given n points in the d-dimensional Euclidean space, for some fixed constant d ≥ 2, and a positive integer k. The goal is to find a shortest tour visiting at least k points. We give an approximation scheme for the Euclidean k-TSP in time n⋅2^O(1/ε^{d-1})⋅(log n)^{2d²⋅2^d}. This improves Arora’s approximation scheme of running time n⋅k⋅(log n)^(O(√d/ε))^{d-1}} [J. ACM 1998]. Our algorithm is Gap-ETH tight and can be derandomized by increasing the running time by a factor O(n^d). 
 Cite asErnest van Wijland and Hang Zhou. Faster Approximation Scheme for Euclidean k-TSP. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 81:1-81:12, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{vanwijland_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.81 author = {van Wijland, Ernest and Zhou, Hang}, title = {{Faster Approximation Scheme for Euclidean k-TSP}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {81:1--81:12}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.81}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200268}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.81}, annote = {Keywords: approximation algorithms, optimization, traveling salesman problem} }@InProceedings{vanwijland_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.81 author = {van Wijland, Ernest and Zhou, Hang}, title = {{Faster Approximation Scheme for Euclidean k-TSP}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {81:1--81:12}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.81}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200268}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.81}, annote = {Keywords: approximation algorithms, optimization, traveling salesman problem} }Document 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.82" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.82
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.82/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.82.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.82" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.82" - Space Complexity of Euclidean Clustering
Authors:Xiaoyi Zhu, Yuxiang Tian, Lingxiao Huang, and Zengfeng Huang 
 AbstractThe (k, z)-Clustering problem in Euclidean space ℝ^d has been extensively studied. Given the scale of data involved, compression methods for the Euclidean (k, z)-Clustering problem, such as data compression and dimension reduction, have received significant attention in the literature. However, the space complexity of the clustering problem, specifically, the number of bits required to compress the cost function within a multiplicative error ε, remains unclear in existing literature. This paper initiates the study of space complexity for Euclidean (k, z)-Clustering and offers both upper and lower bounds. Our space bounds are nearly tight when k is constant, indicating that storing a coreset, a well-known data compression approach, serves as the optimal compression scheme. Furthermore, our lower bound result for (k, z)-Clustering establishes a tight space bound of Θ(n d) for terminal embedding, where n represents the dataset size. Our technical approach leverages new geometric insights for principal angles and discrepancy methods, which may hold independent interest. 
 Cite asXiaoyi Zhu, Yuxiang Tian, Lingxiao Huang, and Zengfeng Huang. Space Complexity of Euclidean Clustering. In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 82:1-82:16, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{zhu_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.82 author = {Zhu, Xiaoyi and Tian, Yuxiang and Huang, Lingxiao and Huang, Zengfeng}, title = {{Space Complexity of Euclidean Clustering}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {82:1--82:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.82}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200279}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.82}, annote = {Keywords: Space complexity, Euclidean clustering, coreset, terminal embedding} }@InProceedings{zhu_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.82 author = {Zhu, Xiaoyi and Tian, Yuxiang and Huang, Lingxiao and Huang, Zengfeng}, title = {{Space Complexity of Euclidean Clustering}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {82:1--82:16}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.82}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200279}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.82}, annote = {Keywords: Space complexity, Euclidean clustering, coreset, terminal embedding} }Document 
 CG Challenge 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.83" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.83
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.83/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.83.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.83" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.83" - Computing Maximum Polygonal Packings in Convex Polygons Using Best-Fit, Genetic Algorithms and ILPs (CG Challenge)
Authors:Alkan Atak, Kevin Buchin, Mart Hagedoorn, Jona Heinrichs, Karsten Hogreve, Guangping Li, and Patrick Pawelczyk 
 AbstractGiven a convex region P and a set of irregular polygons with associated profits, the Maximum Polygon Packing Problem seeks a non-overlapping packing of a subset of the polygons (without rotations) into P maximizing the profit of the packed polygons. Depending on the size of an instance, we use different algorithmic solutions: integer linear programs for small instances, genetic algorithms for medium-sized instances and a best-fit approach for large instances. For packing rectilinear polygons we provide a dedicated best-fit algorithm. 
 Cite asAlkan Atak, Kevin Buchin, Mart Hagedoorn, Jona Heinrichs, Karsten Hogreve, Guangping Li, and Patrick Pawelczyk. Computing Maximum Polygonal Packings in Convex Polygons Using Best-Fit, Genetic Algorithms and ILPs (CG Challenge). In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 83:1-83:9, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{atak_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.83 author = {Atak, Alkan and Buchin, Kevin and Hagedoorn, Mart and Heinrichs, Jona and Hogreve, Karsten and Li, Guangping and Pawelczyk, Patrick}, title = {{Computing Maximum Polygonal Packings in Convex Polygons Using Best-Fit, Genetic Algorithms and ILPs}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {83:1--83:9}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.83}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200283}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.83}, annote = {Keywords: Polygon Packing, Nesting Problem, Genetic Algorithm, Integer Linear Programming} }@InProceedings{atak_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.83 author = {Atak, Alkan and Buchin, Kevin and Hagedoorn, Mart and Heinrichs, Jona and Hogreve, Karsten and Li, Guangping and Pawelczyk, Patrick}, title = {{Computing Maximum Polygonal Packings in Convex Polygons Using Best-Fit, Genetic Algorithms and ILPs}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {83:1--83:9}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.83}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200283}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.83}, annote = {Keywords: Polygon Packing, Nesting Problem, Genetic Algorithm, Integer Linear Programming} }Document 
 CG Challenge 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.84" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.84
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.84/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.84.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.84" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.84" - Shadoks Approach to Knapsack Polygonal Packing (CG Challenge)
Authors:Guilherme D. da Fonseca and Yan Gerard 
 AbstractWe describe the heuristics used by the Shadoks team in the CG:SHOP 2024 Challenge. Each instance consists of a convex polygon called container and a multiset of items, where each item is a simple polygon and has an associated value. The goal is to pack some of the items inside the container using translations, in order to maximize the sum of their values. Our strategy consists of obtaining good initial solutions and improving them with local search. To obtain the initial solutions we used integer programming and a carefully designed greedy approach. 
 Cite asGuilherme D. da Fonseca and Yan Gerard. Shadoks Approach to Knapsack Polygonal Packing (CG Challenge). In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 84:1-84:9, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{dafonseca_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.84 author = {da Fonseca, Guilherme D. and Gerard, Yan}, title = {{Shadoks Approach to Knapsack Polygonal Packing}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {84:1--84:9}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.84}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200293}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.84}, annote = {Keywords: Packing, polygons, heuristics, integer programming, computational geometry} }@InProceedings{dafonseca_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.84 author = {da Fonseca, Guilherme D. and Gerard, Yan}, title = {{Shadoks Approach to Knapsack Polygonal Packing}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {84:1--84:9}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.84}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200293}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.84}, annote = {Keywords: Packing, polygons, heuristics, integer programming, computational geometry} }Document 
 CG Challenge 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.85" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.85
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.85/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.85.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.85" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.85" - Priority-Driven Nesting of Irregular Polygonal Shapes Within a Convex Polygonal Container Based on a Hierarchical Integer Grid (CG Challenge)
Authors:Martin Held 
 AbstractOur work on nesting polygons is based on two key components: (1) a hierarchy of uniform integer grids for maintaining free space within the container during the nesting such that placement queries can be answered reasonably efficiently, and (2) priority heuristics for choosing the order in which the polygons are tested for placement. We discuss our approach and shed a light on the results obtained. 
 Cite asMartin Held. Priority-Driven Nesting of Irregular Polygonal Shapes Within a Convex Polygonal Container Based on a Hierarchical Integer Grid (CG Challenge). In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 85:1-85:6, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{held:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.85 author = {Held, Martin}, title = {{Priority-Driven Nesting of Irregular Polygonal Shapes Within a Convex Polygonal Container Based on a Hierarchical Integer Grid}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {85:1--85:6}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.85}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200306}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.85}, annote = {Keywords: Computational Geometry, geometric optimization, nesting, packing, algorithm engineering} }@InProceedings{held:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.85 author = {Held, Martin}, title = {{Priority-Driven Nesting of Irregular Polygonal Shapes Within a Convex Polygonal Container Based on a Hierarchical Integer Grid}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {85:1--85:6}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.85}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200306}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.85}, annote = {Keywords: Computational Geometry, geometric optimization, nesting, packing, algorithm engineering} }Document 
 CG Challenge 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.86" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.86
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.86/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.86.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.86" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.86" - A General Heuristic Approach for Maximum Polygon Packing (CG Challenge)
Authors:Canhui Luo, Zhouxing Su, and Zhipeng Lü 
 AbstractThis work proposes a general heuristic packing approach to address the Maximum Polygon Packing Problem introduced by the CG:SHOP 2024 Challenge. Our solver primarily consists of two steps: (1) Partitioning the container and polygons to form a series of small-scale subproblems; (2) For each subproblem, sequentially placing polygons into the container and attempting to eliminate overlaps. 
 Cite asCanhui Luo, Zhouxing Su, and Zhipeng Lü. A General Heuristic Approach for Maximum Polygon Packing (CG Challenge). In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 86:1-86:9, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{luo_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.86 author = {Luo, Canhui and Su, Zhouxing and L\"{u}, Zhipeng}, title = {{A General Heuristic Approach for Maximum Polygon Packing}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {86:1--86:9}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.86}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200315}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.86}, annote = {Keywords: packing, polygon, heuristic, differential evolution, local search, tabu search} }@InProceedings{luo_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.86 author = {Luo, Canhui and Su, Zhouxing and L\"{u}, Zhipeng}, title = {{A General Heuristic Approach for Maximum Polygon Packing}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {86:1--86:9}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.86}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200315}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.86}, annote = {Keywords: packing, polygon, heuristic, differential evolution, local search, tabu search} }Document 
 Media Exposition 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.87" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.87
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.87/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.87.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.87" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.87" - The Ultimate Frontier: An Optimality Construction for Homotopy Inference (Media Exposition)
Authors:Dominique Attali, Hana Dal Poz Kouřimská, Christopher Fillmore, Ishika Ghosh, André Lieutier, Elizabeth Stephenson, and Mathijs Wintraecken 
 AbstractIn our companion paper "Tight bounds for the learning of homotopy à la Niyogi, Smale, and Weinberger for subsets of Euclidean spaces and of Riemannian manifolds" we gave optimal bounds (in terms of the two one-sided Hausdorff distances) on a sample P of an input shape 𝒮 (either manifold or general set with positive reach) such that one can infer the homotopy of 𝒮 from the union of balls with some radius centred at P, both in Euclidean space and in a Riemannian manifold of bounded curvature. The construction showing the optimality of the bounds is not straightforward. The purpose of this video is to visualize and thus elucidate said construction in the Euclidean setting. 
 Cite asDominique Attali, Hana Dal Poz Kouřimská, Christopher Fillmore, Ishika Ghosh, André Lieutier, Elizabeth Stephenson, and Mathijs Wintraecken. The Ultimate Frontier: An Optimality Construction for Homotopy Inference (Media Exposition). In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 87:1-87:6, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{attali_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.87 author = {Attali, Dominique and Dal Poz Kou\v{r}imsk\'{a}, Hana and Fillmore, Christopher and Ghosh, Ishika and Lieutier, Andr\'{e} and Stephenson, Elizabeth and Wintraecken, Mathijs}, title = {{The Ultimate Frontier: An Optimality Construction for Homotopy Inference}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {87:1--87:6}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.87}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200325}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.87}, annote = {Keywords: Homotopy, Inference, Sets of positive reach} }@InProceedings{attali_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.87 author = {Attali, Dominique and Dal Poz Kou\v{r}imsk\'{a}, Hana and Fillmore, Christopher and Ghosh, Ishika and Lieutier, Andr\'{e} and Stephenson, Elizabeth and Wintraecken, Mathijs}, title = {{The Ultimate Frontier: An Optimality Construction for Homotopy Inference}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {87:1--87:6}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.87}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200325}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.87}, annote = {Keywords: Homotopy, Inference, Sets of positive reach} }Document 
 Media Exposition 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.88" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.88
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.88/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.88.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.88" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.88" - Computational Geometry Concept Videos: A Dual-Use Project in Education and Outreach (Media Exposition)
Authors:Marjolein Haagsman, Maarten Löffler, and Carola Wenk 
 AbstractWe present a series of nine Computational Geometry Concept Videos, available on Youtube. The videos are aimed at a general audience and introduce concepts ranging from closest and farthest pairs to data structures for range searching and for point location. The video series grew out of the development of an online graduate course on computational geometry, and the beginning portions of the videos are used in the course to motivate the concept and to tie it to a "real" problem in New Orleans. Thus our videos serve a dual purpose of outreach and education. 
 Cite asMarjolein Haagsman, Maarten Löffler, and Carola Wenk. Computational Geometry Concept Videos: A Dual-Use Project in Education and Outreach (Media Exposition). In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 88:1-88:4, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{haagsman_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.88 author = {Haagsman, Marjolein and L\"{o}ffler, Maarten and Wenk, Carola}, title = {{Computational Geometry Concept Videos: A Dual-Use Project in Education and Outreach}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {88:1--88:4}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.88}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200335}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.88}, annote = {Keywords: Computational geometry concepts, videos, online education} }@InProceedings{haagsman_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.88 author = {Haagsman, Marjolein and L\"{o}ffler, Maarten and Wenk, Carola}, title = {{Computational Geometry Concept Videos: A Dual-Use Project in Education and Outreach}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {88:1--88:4}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.88}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200335}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.88}, annote = {Keywords: Computational geometry concepts, videos, online education} }Document 
 Media Exposition 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.89" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.89
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.89/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.89.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.89" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.89" - Optimal In-Place Compaction of Sliding Cubes (Media Exposition)
Authors:Irina Kostitsyna, Tim Ophelders, Irene Parada, Tom Peters, Willem Sonke, and Bettina Speckmann 
 AbstractThe sliding cubes model is a well-established theoretical framework that supports the analysis of reconfiguration algorithms for modular robots consisting of face-connected cubes. This note accompanies a video that explains our in-place algorithm for reconfiguration in the sliding cubes model. Specifically, our algorithm [Irina Kostitsyna et al., 2023] reconfigures any n-cube configuration into a compact canonical shape using a number of moves proportional to the sum of coordinates of the input cubes. As is common in the literature, we can then reconfigure between two arbitrary shapes via their canonical configurations. The number of moves performed by our algorithm is asymptotically worst-case optimal and strictly improves upon the current state-of-the-art. 
 Cite asIrina Kostitsyna, Tim Ophelders, Irene Parada, Tom Peters, Willem Sonke, and Bettina Speckmann. Optimal In-Place Compaction of Sliding Cubes (Media Exposition). In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 89:1-89:4, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{kostitsyna_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.89 author = {Kostitsyna, Irina and Ophelders, Tim and Parada, Irene and Peters, Tom and Sonke, Willem and Speckmann, Bettina}, title = {{Optimal In-Place Compaction of Sliding Cubes}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {89:1--89:4}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.89}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200347}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.89}, annote = {Keywords: Sliding cubes, Reconfiguration algorithm, Modular robots} }@InProceedings{kostitsyna_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.89 author = {Kostitsyna, Irina and Ophelders, Tim and Parada, Irene and Peters, Tom and Sonke, Willem and Speckmann, Bettina}, title = {{Optimal In-Place Compaction of Sliding Cubes}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {89:1--89:4}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.89}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200347}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.89}, annote = {Keywords: Sliding cubes, Reconfiguration algorithm, Modular robots} }Document 
 Media Exposition 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.90" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.90
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.90/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.90.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.90" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.90" - Visualizing Lucas’s Hamiltonian Paths Through the Associahedron 1-Skeleton (Media Exposition)
Authors:Kacey Thien-Huu La, Jose E. Arbelo, and Christopher J. Tralie 
 AbstractWe re-examine the 1987 paper by Joan Lucas[Lucas, 1987], who showed that the edge-flip graph of convex polygon triangulations is Hamiltonian. We focus specifically on the first part of her paper on Hamiltonian paths, and we provide a simplified algorithm for that case which elucidates how to assemble a recursive subdivision that she refers to as "stacks." Finally, we provide an interactive web-based visualization of Hamiltonian paths through the stacks. 
 Cite asKacey Thien-Huu La, Jose E. Arbelo, and Christopher J. Tralie. Visualizing Lucas’s Hamiltonian Paths Through the Associahedron 1-Skeleton (Media Exposition). In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 90:1-90:6, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{la_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.90 author = {La, Kacey Thien-Huu and Arbelo, Jose E. and Tralie, Christopher J.}, title = {{Visualizing Lucas’s Hamiltonian Paths Through the Associahedron 1-Skeleton}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {90:1--90:6}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.90}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200355}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.90}, annote = {Keywords: associahedron, hamiltonian paths, visualization, tree rotations, convex polygons} }@InProceedings{la_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.90 author = {La, Kacey Thien-Huu and Arbelo, Jose E. and Tralie, Christopher J.}, title = {{Visualizing Lucas’s Hamiltonian Paths Through the Associahedron 1-Skeleton}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {90:1--90:6}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.90}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200355}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.90}, annote = {Keywords: associahedron, hamiltonian paths, visualization, tree rotations, convex polygons} }Document 
 Media Exposition 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.91" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.91
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.91/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.91.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.91" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.91" - Image Triangulation Using the Sobel Operator for Vertex Selection (Media Exposition)
Authors:Olivia X. Laske and Lori Ziegelmeier 
 AbstractImage triangulation, the practice of decomposing images into triangles, deliberately employs simplification to create an abstracted representation. While triangulating an image is a relatively simple process, difficulties arise when determining which vertices produce recognizable and visually pleasing output images. With the goal of producing art, we discuss an image triangulation algorithm in Python that utilizes Sobel edge detection and point cloud sparsification to determine final vertices for a triangulation, resulting in the creation of artistic triangulated compositions. 
 Cite asOlivia X. Laske and Lori Ziegelmeier. Image Triangulation Using the Sobel Operator for Vertex Selection (Media Exposition). In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 91:1-91:7, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{laske_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.91 author = {Laske, Olivia X. and Ziegelmeier, Lori}, title = {{Image Triangulation Using the Sobel Operator for Vertex Selection}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {91:1--91:7}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.91}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200365}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.91}, annote = {Keywords: Image Triangulation, Sharpening, Sobel Edge Detection, Delaunay Triangulation} }@InProceedings{laske_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.91 author = {Laske, Olivia X. and Ziegelmeier, Lori}, title = {{Image Triangulation Using the Sobel Operator for Vertex Selection}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {91:1--91:7}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.91}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200365}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.91}, annote = {Keywords: Image Triangulation, Sharpening, Sobel Edge Detection, Delaunay Triangulation} }Document 
 Media Exposition 
 href="https://doi.org/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.92" - DOI: 10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.92
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/storage/00lipics/lipics-vol293-socg2024/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.92/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.92.pdf" - 
href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.92" - 

href="https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.92" - Ipelets for the Convex Polygonal Geometry (Media Exposition)
Authors:Nithin Parepally, Ainesh Chatterjee, Auguste H. Gezalyan, Hongyang Du, Sukrit Mangla, Kenny Wu, Sarah Hwang, and David M. Mount 
 AbstractThere are many structures, both classical and modern, involving convex polygonal geometries whose deeper understanding would be facilitated through interactive visualizations. The Ipe extensible drawing editor, developed by Otfried Cheong, is a widely used software system for generating geometric figures. One of its features is the capability to extend its functionality through programs called Ipelets. In this media submission, we showcase a collection of new Ipelets that construct a variety of geometric objects based on polygonal geometries. These include Macbeath regions, metric balls in the forward and reverse Funk distance, metric balls in the Hilbert metric, polar bodies, the minimum enclosing ball of a point set, and minimum spanning trees in both the Funk and Hilbert metrics. We also include a number of utilities on convex polygons, including union, intersection, subtraction, and Minkowski sum (previously implemented as a CGAL Ipelet). 
 Cite asNithin Parepally, Ainesh Chatterjee, Auguste H. Gezalyan, Hongyang Du, Sukrit Mangla, Kenny Wu, Sarah Hwang, and David M. Mount. Ipelets for the Convex Polygonal Geometry (Media Exposition). In 40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024). Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs), Volume 293, pp. 92:1-92:7, Schloss Dagstuhl – Leibniz-Zentrum für Informatik (2024) 
 Copy BibTex To Clipboard 
  
 @InProceedings{parepally_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.92 author = {Parepally, Nithin and Chatterjee, Ainesh and Gezalyan, Auguste H. and Du, Hongyang and Mangla, Sukrit and Wu, Kenny and Hwang, Sarah and Mount, David M.}, title = {{Ipelets for the Convex Polygonal Geometry}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {92:1--92:7}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.92}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200375}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.92}, annote = {Keywords: Hilbert metric, Macbeath Regions, Polar Bodies, Convexity} }@InProceedings{parepally_et_al:LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.92 author = {Parepally, Nithin and Chatterjee, Ainesh and Gezalyan, Auguste H. and Du, Hongyang and Mangla, Sukrit and Wu, Kenny and Hwang, Sarah and Mount, David M.}, title = {{Ipelets for the Convex Polygonal Geometry}}, booktitle = {40th International Symposium on Computational Geometry (SoCG 2024)}, pages = {92:1--92:7}, series = {Leibniz International Proceedings in Informatics (LIPIcs)}, ISBN = {978-3-95977-316-4}, ISSN = {1868-8969}, year = {2024}, volume = {293}, editor = {Mulzer, Wolfgang and Phillips, Jeff M.}, publisher = {Schloss Dagstuhl -- Leibniz-Zentrum f{\"u}r Informatik}, address = {Dagstuhl, Germany}, URL = {https://drops.dagstuhl.de/entities/document/10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.92}, URN = {urn:nbn:de:0030-drops-200375}, doi = {10.4230/LIPIcs.SoCG.2024.92}, annote = {Keywords: Hilbert metric, Macbeath Regions, Polar Bodies, Convexity} }Filters 
 259Authors 
 Show AllCollapse 
 Show All 
 A 
 A. Akitaya, Hugo 
 Abel, Zachary 
 Abrahamsen, Mikkel 
 Ackerman, Eyal 
 Agarwal, Pankaj K. 
 Ahmed, Manasseh 
 Alonso, Ángel Javier 
 An, Shinwoo 
 Arbelo, Jose E. 
 Aronov, Boris 
 Atak, Alkan 
 Attali, Dominique 
 B 
 Bandyapadhyay, Sayan 
 Barkan, Willow 
 Basilio, Brannon 
 Basit, Abdul 
 Bauer, Ulrich 
 Bennett, Huck 
 Bergold, Helena 
 Bhore, Sujoy 
 Blažej, Václav 
 Bobrowski, Omer 
 Boissonnat, Jean-Daniel 
 Bousquet, Nicolas 
 Bouvel, Mathilde 
 Brewer, Bruce 
 Bringmann, Karl 
 Brodal, Gerth Stølting 
 Buchem, Moritz 
 Buchin, Kevin 
 Buchin, Maike 
 Bulavka, Denys 
 Burke, Rhuaidi Antonio 
 Burton, Benjamin A. 
 C 
 Cabello, Sergio 
 Castelli Aleardi, Luca 
 Chan, Timothy M. 
 Chang, Hsien-Chih 
 Chatterjee, Ainesh 
 Chawin, Dror 
 Cheng, Pingan 
 Cheng, Siu-Wing 
 Cheong, Otfried 
 Cheung, Tsun-Ming 
 Cho, Kyungjin 
 Choi, Suyoung 
 Colin de Verdière, Éric 
 Conradi, Jacobus 
 Conroy, Jonathan 
 Cortés Kühnast, Fernando 
 Curry, Justin 
 D 
 da Fonseca, Guilherme D. 
 Dal Poz Kouřimská, Hana 
 Dalal, Suryendu 
 Dallant, Justin 
 Damásdi, Gábor 
 Das, Rathish 
 de Berg, Mark 
 de Berg, Sarita 
 de Mesmay, Arnaud 
 de Meyer, Lucas 
 Dehornoy, Pierre 
 Deuker, Paul 
 Devillers, Olivier 
 Dey, Tamal K. 
 Dobbins, Michael Gene 
 Dong, Zichao 
 Du, Hongyang 
 Dutta, Kunal 
 Dutta, Soumik 
 E 
 Edelsbrunner, Herbert 
 Eisenbrand, Friedrich 
 Eskenazis, Alexandros 
 Ezra, Esther 
 F 
 Farhana, Tsuri 
 Felsner, Stefan 
 Feray, Valentin 
 Fillmore, Christopher 
 Filtser, Arnold 
 Filtser, Omrit 
 Focke, Jacob 
 Fox, Emily 
 Fox, Jacob 
 Fuladi, Niloufar 
 G 
 Gangopadhyay, Rahul 
 Gao, Jie 
 Gao, Zhimeng 
 Gerard, Yan 
 Gezalyan, Auguste H. 
 Ghosh, Ishika 
 Gitlitz, Yuval 
 Goaoc, Xavier 
 Grandoni, Fabrizio 
 Gudmundsson, Joachim 
 H 
 Haagsman, Marjolein 
 Haeberle, Matthieu 
 Hagedoorn, Mart 
 Hair, Isaac M. 
 Har-Peled, Sariel 
 Hatami, Hamed 
 Haviv, Ishay 
 He, Qizheng 
 Heinrichs, Jona 
 Held, Martin 
 Hogreve, Karsten 
 Holmsen, Andreas F. 
 Hörsch, Florian 
 Hou, Tao 
 Huang, Lingxiao 
 Huang, Zengfeng 
 Huang, Zhengcheng 
 Husić, Edin 
 Hwang, Sarah 
 J 
 Jang, Hyeontae 
 Jiang, Shaofeng H.-C. 
 K 
 Kanj, Iyad 
 Katz, Matthew J. 
 Keller, Chaya 
 Kerber, Michael 
 Keszegh, Balázs 
 Kisfaludi-Bak, Sándor 
 Klemz, Boris 
 Klesen, Felix 
 Knauer, Christian 
 Koechlin, Florent 
 Kolbe, Benedikt 
 Kominers, Scott Duke 
 Korman, Matias 
 Kostitsyna, Irina 
 Krauthgamer, Robert 
 L 
 La, Kacey Thien-Huu 
 Laske, Olivia X. 
 Le, Hung 
 Lee, Chaeryn 
 Lee, Dohyeon 
 Li, Guangping 
 Li, Shaohua 
 Lieutier, André 
 Lim, Uzu 
 Liu, Hong 
 Löffler, Maarten 
 Lokshtanov, Daniel 
 Lü, Zhipeng 
 Lunel, Corentin 
 Luo, Canhui 
 M 
 M. Reddy, Meghana 
 Ma, Guanqun 
 Majhi, Sushovan 
 Malionek, Joseph 
 Mangla, Sukrit 
 Mari, Mathieu 
 Marx, Dániel 
 Masaříková, Jana 
 Meijer, Lucas 
 Milenković, Lazar 
 Miltzow, Tillmann 
 Mio, Washington 
 Mitchell, Joseph S.B. 
 Mount, David M. 
 Mulzer, Wolfgang 
 N 
 Nayyeri, Amir 
 Needham, Tom 
 Neiman, Ofer 
 Nöllenburg, Martin 
 Nusser, André 
 O 
 Oh, Eunjin 
 Okutan, Osman Berat 
 Ophelders, Tim 
 Orthaber, Joachim 
 P 
 Pach, János 
 Panolan, Fahad 
 Parada, Irene 
 Parepally, Nithin 
 Parsa, Salman 
 Pawelczyk, Patrick 
 Perry, Jonathan James 
 Peters, Tom 
 Phillips, Jeff M. 
 Pierron, Théo 
 Pinchasi, Rom 
 Planken, Tim 
 Popov, Aleksandr 
 Pritam, Siddharth 
 Psarros, Ioannis 
 R 
 Raffay, Rebeka 
 Raichel, Benjamin 
 Raman, Rajiv 
 Ramesh, Indu 
 Rathod, Abhishek 
 Ray, Saurabh 
 Reani, Yohai 
 Rohde, Dennis 
 Roll, Fabian 
 Rote, Günter 
 Rüber, Moritz 
 Russold, Florian 
 S 
 Saghafian, Morteza 
 Samaga, Shreyas N. 
 Sapir, Shay 
 Sareen, Kusha 
 Saurabh, Saket 
 Scheucher, Manfred 
 Schnider, Patrick 
 Seybold, Martin P. 
 Shangguan, Chong 
 Sharir, Micha 
 Sieper, Marie Diana 
 Singer, Neta 
 Skokan, Jozef 
 Skraba, Primoz 
 Smorodinsky, Shakhar 
 Solomon, Shay 
 Sonke, Willem 
 Speckmann, Bettina 
 Sridharamurthy, Raghavendra 
 Staals, Frank 
 Stephenson, Elizabeth 
 Stock, Frederick 
 Su, Zhouxing 
 Suk, Andrew 
 T 
 Tancer, Martin 
 Tasinato, Gianluca 
 Than, Cuong 
 Theocharous, Leonidas 
 Thompson, Finn 
 Tian, Yuxiang 
 Tinguely, Antoine 
 Tóth, Csaba D. 
 Tralie, Christopher J. 
 U 
 Ueckerdt, Torsten 
 V 
 Vallée, Mathieu 
 van der Horst, Thijs 
 van Leeuwen, Erik Jan 
 van Wijland, Ernest 
 van Wordragen, Geert 
 W 
 Wagner, Uli 
 Walczak, Bartosz 
 Wang, Bei 
 Wang, Haitao 
 Wang, Qingsong 
 Weber, Simon 
 Węgrzycki, Karol 
 Wenk, Carola 
 Wesolek, Alexandra 
 Wiese, Andreas 
 Wintraecken, Mathijs 
 Wolff, Alexander 
 Wong, Sampson 
 Wu, Kenny 
 Wulms, Jules 
 X 
 Xu, Zixiang 
 Xue, Jie 
 Z 
 Zehavi, Meirav 
 Zeng, Ji 
 Zheng, Da Wei 
 Zhou, Hang 
 Zhu, Xiaoyi 
 Ziegelmeier, Lori 
 Zink, Johannes 
  
 49Subjects 
 Show AllCollapse 
 Show All 
 Applied computing 
 Applied computing → Distance learning 
 Computing methodologies 
 Computing methodologies → Image processing 
 Computing methodologies → Massively parallel algorithms 
 Computing methodologies → Search methodologies 
 Computing methodologies → Shared memory algorithms 
 Human-centered computing 
 Human-centered computing → Graph drawings 
 Human-centered computing → Visualization toolkits 
 Mathematics of computing 
 Mathematics of computing 
 Mathematics of computing → Algebraic topology 
 Mathematics of computing → Combinatorial optimization 
 Mathematics of computing → Combinatoric problems 
 Mathematics of computing → Combinatorics 
 Mathematics of computing → Discrete mathematics 
 Mathematics of computing → Discretization 
 Mathematics of computing → Enumeration 
 Mathematics of computing → Extremal graph theory 
 Mathematics of computing → Functional analysis 
 Mathematics of computing → Geometric topology 
 Mathematics of computing → Graph algorithms 
 Mathematics of computing → Graph coloring 
 Mathematics of computing → Graph theory 
 Mathematics of computing → Graphs and surfaces 
 Mathematics of computing → Hypergraphs 
 Mathematics of computing → Mathematical software 
 Mathematics of computing → Spectra of graphs 
 Mathematics of computing → Topology 
 Mathematics of computing → Trees 
 Social and professional topics 
 Social and professional topics → Computing education 
 Theory of computation 
 Theory of computation 
 Theory of computation → Algebraic complexity theory 
 Theory of computation → Approximation algorithms analysis 
 Theory of computation → Communication complexity 
 Theory of computation → Complexity theory and logic 
 Theory of computation → Computational geometry 
 Theory of computation → Data compression 
 Theory of computation → Design and analysis of algorithms 
 Theory of computation → Facility location and clustering 
 Theory of computation → Fixed parameter tractability 
 Theory of computation → Generating random combinatorial structures 
 Theory of computation → Nearest neighbor algorithms 
 Theory of computation → Packing and covering problems 
 Theory of computation → Parameterized complexity and exact algorithms 
 Theory of computation → Problems, reductions and completeness 
 Theory of computation → Random projections and metric embeddings 
 Theory of computation → Randomness, geometry and discrete structures 
 Theory of computation → Shortest paths 
 Theory of computation → Sketching and sampling 
 Theory of computation → Sparsification and spanners 
 Theory of computation → Streaming models 
 Questions / Remarks / FeedbackXFeedback for Dagstuhl Publishing 
  
 SendThanks for your feedback! 
 Feedback submitted 
 OKCould not send message 
 Please try again later or send anE-mail 
 OKAbout DROPS 
 Schloss Dagstuhl - Leibniz Center for Informatics has been operating the Dagstuhl Research Online Publication Server (short: DROPS) since 2004. DROPS enables publication of the latest research findings in a fast, uncomplicated manner, in addition to providing unimpeded, open access to them. All the requisite metadata on each publication is administered in accordance with general guidelines pertaining to online publications (cf. Dublin Core). This enables the online publications to be authorized for citation and made accessible to a wide readership on a permanent basis. Access is free of charge for readers following the open access idea which fosters unimpeded access to scientific publications. 
 More about DROPS 
 Instructions for Authors 
 Dagstuhl Series 
 href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/lipics#author" - LIPIcs 
 href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/oasics#author" - OASIcs 
 href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/dfu#author" - Dagstuhl Follow-Ups 
 Dagstuhl Journals 
 href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/darts#author" - DARTS – Dagstuhl Artifacts Series 
 href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/dagrep#author" - Dagstuhl Reports 
 href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/dagman#author" - Dagstuhl Manifestos 
 href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/lites#author" - LITES 
 href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/tgdk#author" - TGDK – Transactions on Graph Data and Knowledge 
 Instructions for Editors 
 Dagstuhl Series 
 href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/lipics#editor" - LIPIcs 
 href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/oasics#editor" - OASIcs 
 href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/dfu#editor" - Dagstuhl Follow-Ups 
 Dagstuhl Journals 
 href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/darts#editor" - DARTS – Dagstuhl Artifacts Series 
 href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/dagrep#editor" - Dagstuhl Reports 
 href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/dagman#editor" - Dagstuhl Manifestos 
 href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/lites#editor" - LITES 
 href="https://submission.dagstuhl.de/series/details/tgdk#editor" - TGDK – Transactions on Graph Data and Knowledge 
 © 2023-2024Schloss Dagstuhl – LZI GmbHAbout DROPSImprintPrivacyContact

