Conference SODA:

Skip to main contentJoin SIAM 
 Donate 
 Log In 
 Journals 
 Books 
 SIAM Engage 
 Join SIAM 
 Donate 
 Log In 
 SIAM News 
 Activity Groups 
 Prizes & Awards 
 Log In 
 Publications | Toggle sub-menu | SIAM Journals | SIAM Review 
 Multiscale Modeling and Simulation: A SIAM Interdisciplinary Journal 
 SIAM Journal on Applied Algebra and Geometry 
 SIAM Journal on Applied Dynamical Systems 
 SIAM Journal on Applied Mathematics 
 SIAM Journal on Computing 
 SIAM Journal on Control and Optimization 
 SIAM Journal on Discrete Mathematics 
 SIAM Journal on Financial Mathematics 
 SIAM Journal on Imaging Sciences 
 SIAM Journal on Life Sciences 
 SIAM Journal on Mathematical Analysis 
 SIAM Journal on Mathematics of Data Science 
 SIAM Journal on Matrix Analysis and Applications 
 SIAM Journal on Numerical Analysis 
 SIAM Journal on Optimization 
 SIAM Journal on Scientific Computing 
 SIAM / ASA Journal on Uncertainty Quantification 
 Theory of Probability and Its Applications 
 href="/publications/siam-journals/siam-undergraduate-research-online-siuro/" - SIAM Undergraduate Research Online 
 SIAM Books 
 Our textbooks and monographs are indispensable to researchers, faculty, and students around the world. 
 SIAM Books 
 SIAM News 
 The newsjournal of SIAM, covering cutting-edge research and the state of the art in applied mathematics and computational science. 
 SIAM News 
 Reports 
 Proceedings 
 Subscriptions & Ordering 
 Programs & Initiatives | Toggle sub-menu | Programs | Gene Golub SIAM Summer School 
 Visiting Lecturer Program 
 MathWorks Math Modeling (M3) Challenge 
 href="/programs-initiatives/programs/siam-simons-undergraduate-summer-research-program/" - SIAM-Simons Undergraduate Summer Research Program 
 SIAM Science Policy Fellowship 
 MGB-SIAM Early Career Fellowship 
 SIAM Postdoctoral Support Program 
 Graduate Student Mathematical Modeling Camp and Mathematical Problems in Industry Workshop 
 See All Programs 
 Professional Development | Careers in Applied Mathematics 
 Career Resources 
 Job Board 
 Internships 
 Prizes and Awards | Deadline Calendar 
 SIAM Fellows Program 
 Policy & Procedures 
 Congratulations to the 2025 Class of SIAM Fellows! 
 These distinguished members were nominated in recognition of their outstanding research and service to the community. 
 href="/publications/siam-news/articles/siam-announces-2025-class-of-fellows/" - Congratulations to the 2025 Class of SIAM Fellows! 
 Industry 
 Equity, Diversity, & Inclusion 
 Education Resources 
 Science Policy 
 Conferences & Events | Toggle sub-menu | SIAM Conferences | More Events by Type 
 Section Meetings 
 Webinars & Seminars 
 Workshops 
 Career Fairs 
 Cooperating Conferences 
 Archive 
 See all Events 
 Conference Support | Travel & Registration Support 
 Child Care Grants 
 About SIAM Conferences & Events | For Sponsors & Exhibitors 
 Conference Guidelines 
 Featured Videos & Lectures 
 Save the Date for AN25! 
 The Third Joint SIAM/CAIMS Annual Meetings is happening July 28 - August 1, 2025 in Montréal, Québec, Canada. 
 Save the Date for AN25! 
 Membership | Toggle sub-menu | Individual Membership | Join 13,000+ applied mathematicians and computational and data scientists from around the world. 
 Learn More 
 Institutional Membership | Create a custom subscription of four or more journals and your institution can become a free SIAM academic member, receiving up to a 27.5% discount on journal list prices. 
 Learn More 
 Member Support & FAQ | Questions about our membership types, benefits, how to automatically renew, or something else? 
 Get Your Questions Answered 
 Get Involved | Toggle sub-menu | Connect with a Community | Activity Groups 
 Sections 
 Student Chapters 
 SIAM Engage Online Community 
 Ways to Participate | Advocate to Support Our Community 
 href="/publications/siam-journals/" - Become an Author, Editor, or Referee 
 Network and Present at a Conference 
 Nominate for Prizes 
 Serve on Committees 
 href="/publications/siam-news/about-siam-news/submission-guidelines/" - Write for SIAM News 
 Ways to Support | Become a Sponsor 
 Donate to SIAM 
 Spread the Word 
 About Us | Toggle sub-menu | Overview 
 Mission & History 
 Governance & Leadership 
 Committees 
 Staff 
 Collaborations 
 Bylaws & Reports 
 Policies & Guidelines 
 Join SIAM 
 Contact Us 
 Back to topHome 
 Conferences & Events 
 Past Event Archive 
 SODA25 
 In Person 
 SIAM Conferences 
 ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms (SODA25) 
 href="/conferences-events/past-event-archive/soda25/lodging-support/" - Reserve Your Room
Event Details 
 January 12–15 , 2025 
 New Orleans, Louisiana, U.S. 
 Astor Crowne Plaza - New Orleans French Quarter 
 Stay Connected 
 Facebook 
 #SIAMDA25 
 In This Section 
 href="/conferences-events/past-event-archive/soda25/registration/" - Registration 
 href="/conferences-events/past-event-archive/soda25/lodging-support/" - Lodging & Support 
 href="/conferences-events/past-event-archive/soda25/program/" - Program 
 href="/conferences-events/past-event-archive/soda25/submissions/" - Submissions 
 More 
 Announcement 
 href="/conferences-events/past-event-archive/soda25/program/program-abstracts/" - Visit the Program & Abstracts page to view the At-a-Glance Schedule & Online Programs, Mobile App, Searchable Abstracts and Proceedings. 
 The ACM-SIAM Symposium on Discrete Algorithms (SODA25) and its co-located conferences will proceed as scheduled and be held in a fully in-person format. City officials are working with the FBI, NOPD, and Louisiana State Police to investigate and reopen the Bourbon Street area as soon as possible after the recent tragedy; the area is expected to be completely re-opened by the beginning of the conference. The Astor Crowne Plaza is fully operational. 
 Deadlines 
 href="/conferences-events/past-event-archive/soda25/registration/" - Early Registration Deadline | December 9, 2024 
 href="/conferences-events/past-event-archive/soda25/lodging-support/hotel-transportation/" - Reserve Now: Hotel Reservation Deadline Extended! | December 13, 2024 
 href="/conferences-events/past-event-archive/soda25/submissions/" - Deadline Passed: Submissions Due | July 5, 2024 
 About the Conference 
 SODA is sponsored by theSIAM Activity Group on Discrete Mathematicsand theACM Special Interest Group on Algorithms and Computation Theory. 
 This symposium focuses on research topics related to the design and analysis of efficient algorithms and data structures for discrete problems. The scope includes theoretical analysis, as well as experimental validation, of discrete algorithms, and the mathematical problems related to their development or limitations. The scope also includes aspects of combinatorics and discrete mathematics related to discrete algorithms. Papers that raise important algorithmic problems that can benefit from theoretical investigation and analysis, are encouraged. 
 SODA will be held jointly with: 
 SIAM Symposium on Algorithm Engineering and Experiments (ALENEX) 
 SIAM Symposium on Simplicity in Algorithms (SOSA) 
 Connect to others attending the event onLinkedIn. 
 Included Themes 
 Aspects of combinatorics and discrete mathematics, such as: 
 Combinatorial structures 
 Discrete optimization 
 Graph theory 
 Random structures 
 Core topics in discrete algorithms, such as: 
 Algorithm analysis 
 Data structures 
 Experimental algorithmics 
 Lower bounds 
 Mathematical programming 
 Algorithmic aspects of other areas of computer science, such as: 
 Algorithmic fairness 
 Combinatorial scientific computing 
 Communication networks and the internet 
 Computational geometry and topology 
 Computer systems 
 Cryptography, security and privacy 
 Databases and information retrieval 
 Distributed and parallel computing 
 Game theory and mechanism design 
 Machine learning 
 Quantum computing 
 Scheduling and resource allocation 
 Program Committee Co-chairs 
 Yossi Azar 
 Tel-Aviv University, Israel 
 Debmalya Panigrahi 
 Duke University, U.S. 
 Program Committee 
 Amir Abboud 
 Weizmann Institute of Science, Israel 
 Alexandr Andoni 
 Columbia University, U.S. 
 Soheil Behnezad 
 Northeastern University, U.S. 
 Sayan Bhattacharya 
 University of Warwick, United Kingdom 
 Arnab Bhattacharyya 
 National University of Singapore, Singapore 
 Luca Becchetti 
 University of Rome, Italy 
 Petra Berenbrink 
 University of Hamburg, Germany 
 Niv Buchbinder 
 Tel Aviv University, Israel 
 Harry Buhrman 
 Quantinuum (UK), QuSoft and University of Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
 Sergio Cabello 
 University of Ljubljana, Slovenia 
 Yang Cai 
 Yale University, U.S. 
 Parinya Chalermsook 
 Aalto University, Finland 
 Eshan Chattopadhyay 
 Cornell University, U.S. 
 Chandra Chekuri 
 University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, U.S. 
 Keerti Choudhary 
 IIT Delhi, India 
 Maria Chudnovsky 
 Princeton University, U.S. 
 Ilan Cohen 
 Bar-Ilan University, Israel 
 Vincent Cohen-Addad 
 Google Research, Switzerland 
 Andrea Coladangelo 
 University of Washington, Seattle, U.S. 
 Jose Correa 
 University of Chile, Chile 
 Rachel Cummings 
 Columbia University, U.S. 
 Jelena Diakonikolas 
 University of Wisconsin, Madison, U.S. 
 Shahar Dobzinski 
 Weizmann Institute of Science, Israel 
 Anne Driemel 
 University of Bonn, Germany 
 Esther Ezra 
 Bar-Ilan University, Israel 
 Emily Fox 
 University of Texas, Dallas, U.S. 
 Nick Gravin 
 Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, China 
 Kasper Green Larsen 
 Aarhus University, Denmark 
 Anupam Gupta 
 New York University, U.S. 
 Tom Gur 
 University of Cambridge, United Kingdom 
 Sungjin Im 
 University of California, Merced, U.S. 
 Michael Kapralov 
 EPFL, Switzerland 
 Telikepalli Kavitha 
 Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, India 
 Dominik Kempa 
 Stony Brook University, U.S. 
 Arindam Khan 
 Indian Institute of Science, India 
 Samir Khuller 
 Northwestern University, U.S. 
 Ravi Kumar 
 Google Research, U.S. 
 O-joung Kwon 
 Hanyang University, South Korea 
 Bundit Lakhenukit 
 Shanghai University of Finance and Economics, China 
 Hung Le 
 University of Massachusetts, Amherst, U.S. 
 Jian Li 
 Tsinghua University, China 
 Yang Liu 
 Institute for Advanced Studies, U.S. 
 William Kuszmaul 
 Harvard University, U.S. 
 Shachar Lovett 
 University of California, San Diego, U.S. 
 Sepideh Mahabadi 
 Microsoft Research, U.S. 
 Nicole Megow 
 University of Bremen, Germany 
 Raghu Meka 
 University of California, Los Angeles, U.S. 
 Divyarthi Mohan 
 Tel Aviv University, Israel 
 Ankur Moitra 
 Massachusetts Institute of Technology, U.S. 
 Shay Mozes 
 Reichman University, Israel 
 Bento Natura 
 Columbia University, U.S. 
 Neil Olver 
 London School of Economics, United Kingdom 
 Krzysztof Onak 
 Boston University, U.S. 
 Seth Pettie 
 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, U.S. 
 Michał Pilipczuk 
 University of Warsaw, Poland 
 Max Probst Gutenberg 
 ETH Zurich, Switzerland 
 Rajmohan Rajaraman 
 Northeastern University, U.S. 
 Aviad Rubinstein 
 Aviad Rubinstein, 
 Barna Saha 
 University of California, San Diego, U.S. 
 Laura Sanita 
 Bocconi University, Italy 
 Piotr Sankowski 
 IDEAS NCBR and University of Warsaw, Poland 
 Aravind Srinivasan 
 University of Maryland, College Park, U.S. 
 Vera Traub 
 University of Bonn, Germany 
 Madhur Tulsiani 
 Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago, U.S. 
 Seeun William Umboh 
 The University of Melbourne, Australia 
 Sergei Vassilvitskii 
 Google Research, U.S. 
 Magnus Wahlstrom 
 Royal Holloway, University of London, United Kingdom 
 Kangning Wang 
 Stanford University, U.S. 
 Fan Wei 
 Duke University, U.S. 
 Nicole Wein 
 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, U.S. 
 Mary Wootters 
 Stanford University, U.S. 
 Steering Committee Chair 
 Piotr Indyk 
 Massachusetts Institute of Technology, U.S. 
 Steering Committee 
 Julia Chuzhoy 
 Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago, U.S. 
 Robert Krauthgamer 
 The Weizmann Institute of Science, Israel 
 Sang-il Oum 
 KAIST, South Korea 
 Blair Sullivan 
 The University of Utah, U.S. 
 Shanghua Teng 
 University of Southern California, U.S. 
 Thank You to Our Sponsors 
 href="https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/" - 
Special Thanks To 
 Get Involved 
 Sponsor, exhibit, or check out past content in our video and presentation archive. 
 Ways to Sponsor 
 SIAM invites you to show support of this conference through sponsorship opportunities ranging from support of receptions, audio-video needs, to awards for student travel, and more. 
 Ways to Exhibit 
 Learn about opportunities to become an exhibitor at a SIAM conference. 
 Featured Lectures & Videos 
 View slides, recordings, and video from past SIAM conferences. 
 Become a Member 
 SIAM members get 20-30% off registration for our conferences, plus deep discounts on SIAM books, journals, activity group membership, and more. Start reaping the benefits! 
 Funding Agency Support 
 SIAM and the Organizing Committee wish to extend their thanks and appreciation to theU.S. National Science Foundationfor their support. 
 Make the Most of Your Experience 
 About SIAM Conferences 
 Find all of the information you'll need to prepare for and navigate SIAM conferences, including conference guidelines and how to propose a new conference. 
 Explore Conferences 
 Statement on Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion 
 As a professional society, SIAM is committed to empowering equitable, diverse, and inclusive participation in all aspects of our community. SIAM will provide a climate that encourages the open expression and exchange of ideas, that is free from all forms of discrimination, harassment, and retaliation, and that is welcoming and comfortable to all members and to those who participate in its activities. 
 In pursuit of this commitment, SIAM is dedicated to the philosophy of equality of opportunity and treatment for all participants regardless of gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion or religious belief, age, marital status, disabilities, veteran status, and field of expertise. 
 This philosophy extends from SIAM’s governing structures and bodies to its conferences, publications, awards, and to all its organized activities. 
 We expect all members of SIAM and participants in SIAM activities to work towards this commitment to equity, diversity, and inclusion. 
 If you have experienced or observed behavior that is not consistent with the principles expressed above, you are encouraged to report any violation using the SIAM hotline, hosted by the third-party hotline provider, EthicsPoint. The information you provide will be sent to us by EthicsPoint on a totally confidential and anonymous basis if you should choose. You have our guarantee that your comments will be heard.Please submit reports. 
 Read all ofSIAM's conference guidelines and policies, including the Statement on Potentially Offensive Material. 
 Read more about thehref="/publications/siam-news/articles/acm-siam-soda-code-of-conduct/" - ACM-SIAM SODA Code of Conduct
. 
 Contact Us 
 Questions about SIAM conferences? Get in touch with our staff. 
 Contact SIAM Conferences StaffStay Up-to-Date with Email Alerts 
 Sign up for our monthly newsletter and emails about other topics of your choosing. 
 Email AddressSign Up Now 
 3600 Market Street6th FloorPhiladelphia, PA 19104 USAFacebook 
 Twitter 
 Youtube 
 LinkedIn 
 About SIAM | Mission & History 
 Governance & Leadership 
 Committees 
 Staff 
 Collaborations 
 Code of Conduct 
 Policies & Guidelines 
 Jobs at SIAM 
 Contact Us 
 Membership | Member Benefits 
 Become a Member 
 Renew Your Membership 
 Connect with a Community 
 Ways to Participate 
 Jobs in STEM 
 Share & Support | Newsroom 
 Advertise with Us 
 Become a Sponsor 
 Post a Job 
 Information for Librarians 
 Subscribe to Our Emails 
 © 2025 Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Privacy