Conference full name: Symposium on Stabilization, Safety, and Security of Distributed Systems (SSS)

1. Website of SSS_2: https://sss2025.conf.lip6.fr/
Website information of SSS_2:

href="index.html" - SSS'25
Home 
 About 
 Venue 
 Hotels 
 Visa 
 Travel 
 href="#dates" - Dates 
 href="#cfp" - CFP 
 Organization 
 MAC 
 The 27th International Symposium onStabilization, Safety, and Securityof Distributed Systems 
 October 9-11, Kathmandu, Nepal 
 href="#about" - About SSS 2025
About SSS 2025 
 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment. 
 Where 
 Kathmandu, Nepal 
 When 
 9-11 October 2025 
 Event Venue 
 Event venue location info and gallery 
 Aloft Hotel Kathmandu 
 SSS 2025 will take place inAloft Hotel Kathmandu. 
 Hotels 
 We have blocked rooms with discounted rates in the conference hotel for SSS participants. We will also provide a list of nearby alternative hotels for your stay, if you prefer to do so. 
 You can also find many hotels near the symposium site at hotel reservation web sites such asExpediaandBooking.com. 
 Visa 
 Nepalese visa is required for all nationalities except Indian nationals. Indian nationals are required to present some form of ID, i.e., passport or voter’s card. 
 Nepalese visa can be obtained 'On Arrival' exceptfor the citizens of the following countries who are requested to acquire visa prior to their arrival from their nearby Diplomatic missions (Embassies/consulates) of Nepal Government. 
 Nigeria 
 Ghana 
 Zimbabwe 
 Swaziland 
 Cameroon 
 Somalia 
 Liberia 
 Ethiopia 
 Iraq 
 Palestine 
 Afghanistan 
 Syria 
 Refugees with travel document 
 'On Arrival' visa procedure is very quick and simple. 
 'On Arrival' visas are 'Tourist Visas'.They bear multiple re-entry facility. Tourist Visa 'On Arrival' is the only entry visa to Nepal.For your stay in Nepal for SSS (and MAC) participation and travel within Nepal, you should get 'Tourist Visa'.Please follow these simple procedures for Tourist Visa 'On Arrival'at the Tribhuvan International Airport (TIA), Kathmandu, Nepal, if you have not acquired Visa prior to boarding the plane. 
 Before boarding the plane to Nepal, fill the form "Visa On-arrival" at | https://nepaliport.immigration.gov.np/ | . If you miss this step, you can fill it up using Kiosk machines upon your arrival at the airport. There will be someone at the Kiosk machines to help you if needed. If you fill the form online, you will get submission receipt with barcode, please print it out (or take a picture in your phone) and bring it with you. Please fill it within 15 days of reaching Nepal as it is valid only for 15 days. 
 Take this form (printed or photo) and go to the visa fee collection counter (near Kiosk machines at the airport) and pay your visa fee according to your visa requirement ( 15/30/90 Days). While you can use different modes of payments (at visa fees collection counter), we advise you to carry some cash to be on the safe side (cash does not necessarily need to be USD, they will have a conversion rate). Visas can be extended while in Nepal. Therefore, if you are not sure of your length of stay, we recommend getting Tourist Visa 'On Arrival' for 15 days and then extend depending on your need. | 15 Days – 30 USD 
 30 Days – 50 USD 
 90 Days – 125 USD | Visa fee Exceptions: Children below 10 years (except US citizens) are exempt from the visa fee but proof of age is required. Nationals from SAARC countries, who are entering Nepal for the first time, are exempt from any fee for up to 30 days visa (but visa application is still required). 
 Proceed to the Immigration Desk with your online form, payment receipts, and your passport. 
 For further information on Tourist Visa to Nepal, please visit:https://immigration.gov.np/en/page/tourist-visaIf you need a visa letter, please contactGokarna Sharma (replace _AT_ by arobase) 
 Travel Information 
 Getting to Kathmandu, Nepal 
 Tribhuvan International Airport (TIA) is the major international airport serving Kathmandu and most international air travel to Nepal. The airport code is KTM. Kathmandu is connected with direct flights from Tokyo Narita (Nepal Airlines), Seoul Incheon (Korean Air), Hongkong (Cathay Pacific/Nepal Airlines), Kuala Lumpur (Malaysian Airlines/Nepal Airlines), Singapore (Singapore Airlines), Bangkok (Thai Airways/Nepal Airlines), Dubai (Fly Dubai/Nepal Airlines), Abu Dhabi (Air Arabia), Doha (Qatar Airways/Nepal Airlines), Istanbul (Turkish Airlines), Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore (Air India/IndiGo/Nepal Airlines), Colombo (SriLankan Airlines), and others. 
 Flying from Eastern US/Canada/Europe: Connect via Dubai, Abu Dhabi, Doha, Istanbul, Delhi. 
 Flying from Western US/Canada/Asia Pacific: Connect via Tokyo, Seoul, Hongkong, Singapore, Bangkok, Delhi. 
 Disclaimer:The above are subsets of flight options, and you might find alternative options based on your need and preferences. 
 Conference Hotel 
 Aloft Kathmandu Thamel is the venue for the conference. It is situated at the tourist part of the town, called Thamel. Kathmandu, specially Thamel and surrounding areas, has a wide variety of international class hotels to suit everyone's travel needs and finances. The discounted rate is negotiated at Aloft for your stay during SSS (and MAC), which includes complimentary breakfast as well as airport transfer. The conference hotel (and Thamel area) is approximately 6 kilometers (4 miles) from the Tribhuvan International Airport (TIA). The journey takes 20-30 minutes depending on the time of the day and the traffic condition. 
 Currency & Payments 
 Nepalese Rupees come in denominations of 1000, 500, 100, 50, 25, 20, 10, 5, 2, and 1. Coins come in denominations of 10, 25, 50 paisa, 1 rupee and 2 rupees. One rupee equals 100 paisa. Payment in hotels, travel agencies, and airlines are made in convertible currencies. Credit cards such as American Express, MasterCard, and Visa are widely accepted at major hotels, shops, and restaurants. Remember to keep your Foreign Exchange Encashment Receipt while making foreign exchange payments or transferring foreign currency into Nepalese rupees. Please bring some cash and you can get Nepalese currency through money exchanges/bank. 
 Electricity 
 All electrical outlets in the hotels and other areas are 220 to 240 volts, 50 cycles, continental plugs. For multi-voltage appliances like laptops, a plug adapter is needed. 
 Climate & Clothing 
 Light clothing/sweater during the day and a jacket, possibly for the morning and evening, will be appropriate in Kathmandu during October. The temperature during the month of October is in the range of 13-27 degree Celsius (55–81 degree Fahrenheit). If you plan to go for sightseeing/hiking, it would be nice to have hiking/trekking gear ready. 
 Local Transportation 
 Metered taxis are easily recognizable by the taxi sign and black number plates and can be hailed off the street. Battery run EV tempos are also available. There are micro and normal buses with the three cities of the Kathmandu Valley. However, not all points in the cities are served by public transportation and fixed timings are practically non-existent. Taxi fares are negotiable and should be arranged beforehand. You may also use ride-share app-based taxi in Nepal. You may download Pathao and In-Drive apps from Play Store to start using them in Kathmandu. Please remember you need a Nepalese cell phone number/Sim card to use the ride-share apps. You can easily obtain a Sim card from the TIA airport after customs clearance (we will have more info on this later). 
 Language 
 Nepali is the mostly used official language in Nepal. English is commonly understood and spoken in Kathmandu. 
 Food & Beverage 
 Rice is the staple food is usually eaten two times during the day in Nepal served with veg/non-veg curries, lentils, and pickles. Kathmandu has a rich food scene both traditional Nepalese and modern cuisine. Mo:mo: is famous and served in all kinds of restaurants. Additionally, most international cuisines are available in hotels and restaurants in Kathmandu, particularly in the Thamel area (we will have more info on this later). Mineral water is available everywhere you go, from street vendors to shopping centers. Please ONLY drink mineral water during your stay in Nepal. A cluster of cafes, bars, pubs, and night clubs offer a wide variety of international drinks and spirits in the Thamel area. 
 For any questions, please reach out toGokarna Sharma (replace _AT_ by arobase). 
 Important Dates 
 First Deadline 
 Paper Submission Deadline: March 21, 2025 (11:59 PM AoE) 
 Acceptance Notification: April 30, 2025 
 Camera-Ready Copy Due: May 10, 2025 
 Second Deadline 
 Paper Submission Deadline: May 15, 2025 (11:59 PM AoE) 
 Acceptance Notification: June 30, 2025 
 Camera-Ready Copy Due: July 10, 2025 
 Third Deadline 
 Paper Submission Deadline: July 15, 2025 (11:59 PM AoE) 
 Acceptance Notification: August 30, 2025 
 Camera-Ready Copy Due: September 10, 2025 
 Call for Papers 
 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment. The symposium encourages submissions of original contributions on both fundamental research and practical applications concerning topics in the symposium tracks: 
 Track A. Stabilization and Locality in Distributed Computing 
 Stabilizing Systems 
 Proof labelling schemes 
 Graph Algorithms 
 Graph-theoretic concepts for communication networks 
 Social and Peer-to-Peer Networks 
 LOCAL/CONGEST models 
 Communication complexity 
 Game-theory and economical aspects of distributed computing 
 Dynamic networks, time-varying graphs, evolving graphs 
 Track B. Time, Safety, and Security in Distributed Computing 
 Concurrent and fault-tolerant algorithms 
 Synchronization protocols 
 Shared and transactional memory 
 Blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies 
 Formal methods, semantics and verification of distributed systems 
 Secure multi-party computation and cryptographic distributed protocols 
 Privacy-enhancing technologies and anonymity 
 Post-quantum and information theoretic cryptography and security 
 Track C. Moving and Computing 
 Mobile agents 
 Autonomous mobile robots 
 Mobile sensor networks 
 Mobile ad-hoc networks 
 Population protocols 
 Nature-inspired computing 
 Programmable particles, nanoscale robots, biological systems, and related new models 
 New Conference Model 
 We experiment with a new conference model. There will be THREE non-overlapping deadlines, and thus three submission rounds. Papers that are rejected at an early round (1 or 2) may be reworked, corrected, enhanced, and resubmitted at a later round (2 or 3), if wished by the authors. Of course, accepted papers at an early round are definitely accepted and should not be submitted again at a later round. In case of resubmission, reviews from the previously submitted round will be transmitted to the reviewers of the resubmission round. 
 Paper Submission 
 Papers are to be submitted electronically throughhref="https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sss2025" - EasyChair
. All submissions must conform tothe formatting instructions of Springer LNCS series. Each submission must be an original work written in English, in PDF format. 
 Double-blind Review 
 All submissions must be anonymous. We use a somewhat relaxed implementation of double-blind peer review: you are free to disseminate your work through arXiv and other online repositories and give presentations on your work as usual. However, please make sure you do not mention your own name or affiliation in the submission, and please do not include obvious references in the text that reveal your identity. A reviewer who has not previously seen the paper should be able to read it without accidentally learning the identities of the authors. Please feel free to ask the general co-chairs if you have any questions about the double-blind policy of SSS 2025. 
 Submissions 
 There are two types of submissions: regular papers and brief announcements. 
 A regular submission must not exceed 15 pages (including the title, abstract, figures, and excluding references). Additional necessary details for an expert to verify the main claims of the submission may be included in a clearly marked appendix if extra space is needed. 
 A brief announcement submission must not exceed 5 pages including everything. 
 Any submission deviating from these guidelines will be rejected without consideration of its merits. It is recommended that a regular submission begins with a succinct statement of the problem being addressed, a summary of the main results or conclusions, a brief explanation of their significance, a brief statement of the key ideas, and a comparison with related work, all tailored to a non-specialist. Technical development of the work, directed to the specialist, should follow. Papers outside of the conference scope will be rejected without review. For the third round only, if requested by the authors on the cover page, a regular submission that is not selected for a regular presentation will also be considered for the brief announcement format. This will not affect consideration of the paper for a regular presentation.Publication 
 Regular papers and brief announcements will be included in the conference proceedings. Conference proceedings will be published by Springer in the LNCS conference series. 
 Special Issue 
 Extended and revised versions of selected papers will be considered for a special issue of an international journal (under negotiation). 
 Paper Award 
 Prizes will be given to the best regular paper and best student regular paper. A regular paper is eligible for the best student paper if at least one of its authors is a full-time student at submission time. Authors should clearly indicate whether their submission is eligible to be considered for the best student regular paper award (e.g., using a\thanksin the title). The PC may decline to confer awards or may split awards. 
 Organization 
 General Co-Chairs 
 Gokarna Sharma (Kent State University, USA) 
 Sébastien Tixeuil (Sorbonne Université, France) 
 Local Organization Committee 
 Shree Bhadra Wagle (Chair) (Kantipur Engineering College, Nepal) 
 Keshar Prasain (Kantipur Engineering College, Nepal) 
 Rabindra Khati (Kantipur Engineering College, Nepal) 
 Prahlad Chapagain (Kantipur Engineering College, Nepal) 
 Sahadeep Thapa (Kantipur Engineering College, Nepal) 
 Saroj Sharma (Kantipur Engineering College, Nepal) 
 Suman Shrestha (Kantipur Engineering College, Nepal) 
 Treasurer 
 Kamal Khadga (Kantipur Engineering College, Nepal) 
 Proceedings Chair 
 Pavan Poudel (University of Houston-Clear Lake, USA) 
 Registration Chair 
 Ramesh Adhikari (Augusta University, USA) 
 Steering Committee 
 Anish Arora (Ohio State University, USA) 
 Shlomi Dolev (Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Israel) 
 Sayaka Kamei (Hiroshima University, Japan) 
 Sandeep Kulkarni (Michigan State University, USA) 
 Toshimitsu Masuzawa (Osaka University, Japan) 
 Franck Petit (Sorbonne Université, France) 
 Elad Michael Schiller (Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden) 
 Sébastien Tixeuil (Chair) (Sorbonne Université, France) 
 Advisory Committee 
 Sukumar Ghosh (University of Iowa, USA) 
 Ted Herman (University of Iowa, USA) 
 In Memory of 
 Ajoy Kumar Datta 
 Edsger W. Dijkstra 
 Mohamed Gouda 
 Program Committee 
 Track A. Stabilization and Locality in Distributed Computing 
 Peter Robinson (Chair) (Augusta University, USA) 
 Bogdan Chlebus (Augusta University, USA) 
 Varsha Dani (Rochester Institute of Technology, USA) 
 Stéphane Devismes (Université de Picardie Jules Verne, France) 
 Fabien Dufoulon (Lancaster University, UK) 
 Leszek Gąsieniec (University of Liverpool, UK) 
 Taisuke Izumi (Osaka University, Japan) 
 Dominik Kaaser (TU Hamburg, Germany) 
 Valerie King (University of Victoria, Canada) 
 Christoph Lenzen (CISPA Helmholtz Center for Information Security, Germany) 
 Yannic Maus (TU Graz, Austria) 
 Avery Miller (University of Manitoba, Canada) 
 William K. Moses Jr. (Durham University, UK) 
 Thomas Nowak (ENS Paris-Saclay, France) 
 Shreyas Pai (IIT Madras, India) 
 Gopal Pandurangan (University of Houston, USA) 
 Sriram Pemmaraju (University of Iowa, USA) 
 Joel Rybicki (Humboldt University of Berlin, Germany) 
 Christian Scheideler (Paderborn University, Germany) 
 Track B. Time, Safety, and Security in Distributed Computing 
 Silvia Bonomi (Chair) (Sapienza University, Italy) 
 Leonardo Aniello (University of Southampton, UK) 
 Quentin Bramas (University of Strasbourg, France) 
 Jérémie Decouchant (Delft University of Technology, Netherlands) 
 Antonella Del Pozzo (CEA, France) 
 Xavier Defago (Institute of Science Tokyo, Japan) 
 Giovanni Farina (Niccolò Cusano University, Italy) 
 Letterio Galletta (IMT, Italy) 
 Maurice Herlihy (Brown University, USA) 
 Moti Medina (Bar Ilan University, Israel) 
 Mikhail Nesterenko (Kent State University, USA) 
 Sathya Peri (Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad, India) 
 Valerio Schiavoni (University of Neuchatel, Switzerland) 
 Elad Michael Schiller (Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden) 
 Track C. Moving and Computing 
 Partha Sarathi Mandal (Chair) (Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati, India) 
 Evangelos Bampas (Université Paris-Saclay, France) 
 Doina Bein (California State University, Fullerton, USA) 
 Anaïs Durand (Université Clermont Auvergne, France) 
 Paola Flocchini (University of Ottawa, Canada) 
 Konstantinos Georgiou (Toronto Metropolitan University, Canada) 
 Barun Gorain (Indian Institute of Technology Bhilai, India) 
 Sayaka Kamei (Hiroshima University, Japan) 
 Ajay Kshemkalyani (University of Illinois at Chicago, USA) 
 Euripides A. Markou (University of Ioannina, Greece) 
 Kaushik Mondal (Indian Institute of Technology Ropar, India) 
 Lata Narayanan (Concordia University, Canada) 
 Alfredo Navarra (University of Perugia, Italy) 
 Debasish Pattanayak (University of Ottawa, Canada) 
 Giuseppe Prencipe (University of Pisa, Italy) 
 Anisur Rahaman Molla (Indian Statistical Institute, India) 
 Masahiro Shibata (Kyushu Institute of Technology, Japan) 
 Yuichi Sudo (Hosei University, Japan) 
 Moving and Computing 2025 
 MAC 2025 
 Jointly organized with SSS 2025, MAC (Research Meeting and School on Distributed Computing by Mobile Robots) will be held right after SSS. More information is available at the following URL:https://gokarnasharma.github.io/mac25/Where 
 Kathmandu, Nepal 
 When 
 12-13 October 2025 
 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment. 
 Useful Links 
 href="https://selfstabilization.org/" - SSS conference series 
 href="https://link.springer.com/conference/sss" - Past proceedings 
 Contact Us 
 SSS 2025 Contact Person 
 Email:Sebastien Tixeuil (replace underscore by arobase) 
 © CopyrightSSS 2025. All Rights Reserved 
 Designed byBootstrapMade, Boudhanath Panorama Photo byGONG Jie

2. Website of SSS_2: https://sss2024.github.io/
Website information of SSS_2:

href="index.html" - SSS'24
Home 
 About 
 Keynotes 
 Awards 
 Registration 
 Program 
 href="./accepted-papers.html" - Papers 
 Venue 
 Hotels 
 href="#dates" - Dates 
 href="#cfp" - CFP 
 Organization 
 Supporters 
 The 26th International Symposium onStabilization, Safety, and Securityof Distributed Systems 
 October 20-22,Nagoya International Center, Aichi, Japan 
 href="#about" - About SSS 2024
About SSS 2024 
 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment. 
 Where 
 Nagoya International Center, Aichi, Japan 
 When 
 Sunday to Tuesday 
 20-22 October 2024 
 Keynotes 
 Here are our keynote speakers 
 Michel Raynal 
 IRISA, CNRS, Inria, and University of Rennes 
 Koutarou Suzuki 
 Toyohashi University of Technology 
 href="https://researchmap.jp/suzuki.koutarou/" - 
Awards 
 The paperSoftening the Impact of Collisions in Contention Resolution, co-authored by Umesh Biswas, Trisha Chakraborty, and Maxwell Young received the best paper award. 
 Also, Haruki Kanaya received the best student paper award for his paperComplete Graph Identification in Population Protocols, co-authored with Yuichi Sudo. 
 Registration 
 Registration is required to participate in SSS 2024.At least one "Author" registration is necessary for each accepted paper; otherwise, the paper will not be included in the proceedings.Discounted prices are available for early registrations until 27 September. An accompanying person may attend the social event (including banquet and tour) for an extra JPY 15,000. Registrations will close on 15 October 2024. 
 Registration was closed on October 15 
 Author 
 Until 27 Sept.:JPY 70,000 
 (ca. USD 460, EUR 420) 
 From 28 Sept.:Not Available 
 Includes:Conference attendance 
 Conference kit 
 Proceedings (electr.) 
 Coffee breaks 
 Banquet 
 Tour 
 Regular 
 Until 27 Sept.:JPY 70,000 
 (ca. USD 460, EUR 420) 
 From 28 Sept.:JPY 85,000 
 (ca. USD 550, EUR 510) 
 Includes:Conference attendance 
 Conference kit 
 Proceedings (electr.) 
 Coffee breaks 
 Banquet 
 Tour 
 Student 
 Until 27 Sept.:JPY 50,000 
 (ca. USD 330, EUR 300) 
 From 28 Sept.:JPY 65,000 
 (ca. USD 420, EUR 390) 
 Includes:Conference attendance 
 Conference kit 
 Proceedings (electr.) 
 Coffee breaks 
 Banquet 
 Tour 
 Social Only 
 Until 15 Oct.:JPY 15,000 
 (ca. USD 100, EUR 90) 
 Includes:Banquet 
 Tour 
 Note that all the dates listed here are in Japan Standard Time (UTC+9). 
 Program 
 Here is our event schedule 
 Oct. 20 (Sun) 
 Oct. 21 (Mon) 
 Oct. 22 (Tue) 
 Regular and invited papers are given 25 minutes for their presentations, including Q&A, whereas BA papers have 10 minutes for them. 
 8:45 - 9:30 
 Registration 
 9:30 - 9:40 
 Opening(Yoshiaki Katayama) 
 9:40 - 10:40 
 Keynote 1(chair: Toshimitsu Masuzawa) 
 Michel Raynal.On Distributed Computing: A View, Physical vs Logical Objects, and a Look at Fully Anonymous Systems. 
 10:40 - 11:00 
 Break 
 11:00 - 12:00 
 Session 1 —Track D(1)—(chair: Konstantinos Georgiou) 
 Evangelos Kranakis. | Invited Paper: A Survey of the Impact of Knowledge on the Competitive Ratio in Linear Search. 
 Quentin Bramas, Stéphane Devismes, Anaïs Durand, Pascal Lafourcade and Anissa Lamani. | Optimal Asynchronous Perpetual Grid Exploration. 
 Ashish Saxena, Barun Gorain, Subhrangsu Mandal and Kaushik Mondal. | Brief Announcement: Pebble Guided Rendezvous Despite Fault. 
 12:00 - 13:45 
 Lunch 
 13:45 - 14:45 
 Session 2 —Track D(2)—(chair: Sebastien Tixeuil) 
 Serafino Cicerone, Alessia Di Fonso, Gabriele Di Stefano and Alfredo Navarra. | Gathering of Robots in Butterfly Networks. 
 Haruki Kanaya and Yuichi Sudo. | Complete Graph Identification in Population Protocols. 
 Raja Das, Pritam Goswami and Buddhadeb Sau. | Brief Announcement: Perpetual Exploration of Triangular Grid by Myopic Oblivious Robots without Chirality. 
 14:45 - 15:05 
 Break 
 15:05 - 16:20 
 Session 3 —Track D(3)—(chair: Hirotsugu Kakugawa) 
 Fabian Frei and Koichi Wada. | Invited Paper: Gathering Oblivious Robots in the Plane. 
 Keita Nakajima, Kaito Takase and Koichi Wada. | Efficient Self-stabilizing Simulations of Energy-Restricted Mobile Robots by Asynchronous Luminous Mobile Robots. 
 Sahar Badri, Serafino Cicerone, Alessia Di Fonso and Gabriele Di Stefano. | An optimal algorithm for geodesic mutual visibility on hexagonal grids. 
 16:20 - 16:40 
 Break 
 16:40 - 17:55 
 Session 4 —Track D(4)—(chair: Quentin Bramas) 
 Alfredo Navarra and Francesco Piselli. | Coating in SILBOT with One Axis Agreement. 
 Ryonosuke Yamada, Tomoyuki Usami and Yukiko Yamauchi. | Rendezvous and Merging for Two Metamorphic Robotic Systems without Global Compass. 
 Kouhei Otaka, Fabian Frei and Koichi Wada. | Gathering Semi-Synchronously Scheduled Two-State Robots. 
 17:55 - 
 Business meeting 
 8:45 - 
 Open 
 9:15 - 10:15 
 Session 5 —Track B(1)—(chair: Fukuhito Ooshita) 
 Yackolley Amoussou-Guenou, Maurice Herlihy, Maria Potop-Butucaru and Sergio Rajsbaum. | Invited Paper: The Smart Contract Model. 
 Adam Gańczorz, Leszek Gasieniec, Tomasz Jurdzinski, Jakub Kowalski and Grzegorz Stachowiak. | Selective Population Protocols. 
 Baruch Schieber. | Brief Announcement: Towards Proportionate Fair Assignment. 
 10:15 - 10:35 
 Break 
 10:35 - 11:50 
 Session 6 —Track B(2)—(chair: Taisuke Izumi) 
 Yefim Dinitz, Shlomi Dolev, Manish Kumar and Baruch Schieber. | Partially Disjoint Shortest Paths and Near-Shortest Paths Trees. 
 Louis Vialar, Jämes Ménétrey, Valerio Schiavoni and Pascal Felber. | BlindexTEE: A Blind Index Approach towards TEE-supported End-to-end Encrypted DBMS. 
 Christoph Lenzen and Sophie Wenning. | Tight Bounds for Constant-Round Domination on Graphs of High Girth and Low Expansion. 
 11:50 - 13:20 
 Lunch 
 13:20 - 14:50 
 Memorial Session —Dedicated to Professor Mohamed Gouda—(chair: Anish Arora) 
 Shlomi Dolev 
 Teruo Higashino 
 Ted Herman 
 Eunjin Jung 
 Sebastien Tixeuil 
 Jorge Cobb 
 Sandeep Kulkarni 
 Chin-Tser Huang 
 HB Acharya 
 Anish Arora 
 14:50 - 
 Social Event 
 8:45 - 
 Open 
 9:15 - 10:15 
 Keynote 2(chair: Yoshiaki Katayama) 
 Koutarou Suzuki.Ring Signature and Distributed Cryptography. 
 10:15 - 10:35 
 Break 
 10:35 - 12:25 
 Session 7 —Track C—(chair: Pascal Felber) 
 Julius Wenzel, Andreas Berg, and Christof Fetzer. | Invited Paper: Using signed formulas for online certification. 
 Ranjith Chodavarapu, Rabimba Karanjai, Xinxin Fan, Larry Shi and Lei Xu. | Adding All Flavors: A Hybrid Random Number Generator for dApps and Web3. 
 K Sowjanya, Pabitra Pal, Aman Verma, Bijoy Das, Dhiman Saha, Anand M Baswade and Brejesh Lall. | SUPI-Rear: Privacy-Preserving Subscription Permanent Identification Strategy in 5G-AKA. 
 Sean Doris, Iosif Salem and Stefan Schmid. | Anomaly Detection Within Mission-Critical Call Processing. 
 Shlomi Dolev, Komal Kumari, Sharad Mehrotra, Baruch Schieber and Shantanu Sharma. | Brief Announcement: Make Master Private-Keys Secure by Keeping it Public. 
 12:25 - 13:55 
 Lunch 
 13:55 - 14:55 
 Session 8 —Track B(3)—(chair: Yuichi Sudo) 
 Kohya Shiozaki and Junya Nakamura. | Selection Guidelines for Geographical SMR Protocols: A Communication Pattern-based Latency Modeling Approach. 
 Yackolley Amoussou-Guenou, Lionel Beltrando, Maurice Herlihy and Maria Potop-Butucaru. | Byzantine Reliable Broadcast with One Trusted Monotonic Counter. 
 Erik van den Akker and Klaus-Tycho Foerster. | Brief Announcement: On the Feasibility of Local Failover Routing on Directed Graphs. 
 14:55 - 15:15 
 Break 
 15:15 - 16:05 
 Session 9 —Track B(4)—(chair: Maria Potop-Butucaru) 
 Joseph Oglio, Mikhail Nesterenko and Gokarna Sharma. | TRAIL: Cross-Shard Validation for Byzantine Shard Protection. 
 Umesh Biswas, Trisha Chakraborty and Maxwell Young. | Softening the Impact of Collisions in Contention Resolution. 
 16:05 - 16:25 
 Break 
 16:25 - 17:50 
 Session 10 —Track A—(chair: Sayaka Kamei) 
 Ali Ebnenasir. | Generating the Convergence Stairs of the Collatz Program. 
 Rachel Bricker, Mikhail Nesterenko and Gokarna Sharma. | Consensus Through Knot Discovery in Asynchronous Dynamic Networks. 
 Tota Yamada and Yonghwan Kim. | A Self-Stabilizing Algorithm for the 1-Minimal Minus Domination Problem. 
 Mohamed Amine Legheraba, Maria Potop-Butucaru and Sebastien Tixeuil. | Brief Announcement: Elevator: Self-* and Persistent Hub Sampling Service in Unstructured Peer-to-Peer Networks. 
 17:50 - 
 Closing(Yoshiaki Katayama) 
 Event Venue 
 Event venue location info and gallery 
 Nagoya International Center 
 SSS 2024 will take place in Annex Hall ofNagoya Intrnational Center, which is directly conncted to Kokusai Center Station (Subway Sakura-dori Line) and 7-minute walk east from Nagoya Station. 
 Hotels 
 Nagoya is a big city and you can find many hotels near the symposium site at hotel reservation web sites such asExpediaandBooking.com. Here are some suggestions for attendees. 
 Near the venue 
 These hotels are conviniently located from the venue and Nagoya Station. 
 The Royal Park Canvas Nagoya 
 Just Inn Premium Nagoya Station 
 Sanco Inn Grande Nagoya 
 Super Hotel Premier Nagoya Natural Hot Springs 
 Near Nagoya Station 
 Nagoya Station is a terminal station easily accessible fromChubu Centrair International Airport. It is about a 10-minute walk from the venue. 
 Nagoya Marriott Associa Hotel 
 Nagoya JR Gate Tower Hotel 
 Montblanc Hotel Raffine Nagoya Ekimae 
 APA Hotel Nagoya Ekimae 
 Comfort Hotel Nagoya Shinkansenguchi 
 Near Sakae 
 Sakae is a bit far from the venue (30 minutes on foot or 15 minutes by metro), but you will enjoy Nagoya's nightlife there. 
 Nishitetsu Hotel CROOM Nagoya 
 Comfort Inn Nagoya Sakae 
 Important Dates 
 First Deadline 
 Paper Submission Deadline: | April 7, 2024 | April 14, 2024 | (11:59 PM AoE) 
 Acceptance Notification: | May 13, 2024 | , May 20, 2024 
 Camera-Ready Copy Due: | May 23, 2024 | , May 30, 2024 
 Second Deadline 
 Paper Submission Deadline: | July 4, 2024 | July 18, 2024 | (11:59 PM AoE) 
 Acceptance Notification: August 16, 2024 
 Camera-Ready Copy Due: August 26, 2024 
 Call for Papers 
 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment. The symposium encourages submissions of original contributions on fundamental research and practical applications concerning topics in the four symposium tracks: 
 Track A. Self-Stabilizing and/or Dynamic Systems: Theory and Practice 
 Self-stabilizing systems 
 Self-stabilizing protocols and algorithms 
 Practically-stabilizing systems 
 Variants of self-stabilization 
 Topological stabilization 
 Autonomic Computing 
 Stabilization and self-* properties in hardware, software, and middleware design 
 Self-stabilizing software-defined infrastructure 
 Dynamic networks, time-varying graphs, evolving graphs 
 Track B. Distributed and Concurrent Computing: Foundations, Fault-Tolerance and Scalability 
 Distributed, concurrent, and fault-tolerant algorithms 
 Synchronization protocols 
 Shared and transactional memory 
 Graph-theoretic concepts for communication networks 
 Formal methods, validation, verification, and synthesis 
 Social networks 
 Game-theory and economical aspects of distributed computing 
 Randomization in distributed computing 
 High-performance, cluster, cloud and grid computing 
 Network security and privacy 
 Blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies 
 Applied cryptography 
 Track C. Cryptography and Security 
 Cryptographic designs, implementation analysis, and construction methods 
 Secure multi-party computation and cryptographic distributed protocols 
 Privacy-enhancing technologies and anonymity 
 Post-quantum and information theoretic cryptography and security 
 Secure software and secure programming methodologies 
 Formal methods, semantics and verification of secure systems 
 Fault tolerance, reliability, availability of distributed secure systems 
 Game-theoretic approaches to secure computing 
 Communication and internet: security, authentication and identification 
 Cybersecurity for hardware components, mobile, cyber-physical systems, and internet of things 
 Cybersecurity of corporations (applications, end points, and cloud) 
 Security and privacy for web applications 
 Security of edge and fog computing 
 Cryptocurrency and Blockchains 
 Track D. Moving and Computing 
 Mobile agents 
 Autonomous mobile robots 
 Mobile sensor networks 
 Mobile ad-hoc networks 
 Population protocols 
 Nature-inspired computing 
 Programmable particles, nanoscale robots, biological systems, and related new models 
 New Conference Model 
 We experiment with a new conference model. There will be TWO deadlines. The review process for these two deadlines will not overlap to allow papers rejected during the first review phase to be reworked, corrected, and enhanced before being resubmitted on the second review round, if wished by the authors. Papers may be submitted at only one deadline. Of course, accepted papers of the first review round are definitely accepted and should not be submitted to the second round. In case of resubmission, reviews from the first phase will be transmitted to the reviewers of the second phase. 
 Paper Submission 
 Papers are to be submitted electronically throughhref="https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sss2024" - EasyChair
. All submissions must conform tothe formatting instructions of Springer LNCS series. Each submission must be an original work written in English, in PDF format. 
 Double-blind Review 
 All submissions must be anonymous. We use a somewhat relaxed implementation of double- blind peer review: you are free to disseminate your work through arXiv and other online repositories and give presentations on your work as usual. However, please make sure you do not mention your own name or affiliation in the submission, and please do not include obvious references in the text that reveal your identity. A reviewer who has not previously seen the paper should be able to read it without accidentally learning the identities of the authors. Please feel free to ask the general co-chairs if you have any questions about the double-blind policy of SSS 2024. 
 Submissions 
 There are two types of submissions: regular papers and brief announcements. 
 A regular submission must not exceed 15 pages (including the title, abstract, figures, and references). 
 A brief announcement submission must not exceed 5 pages and should not include any appendix. 
 Additional necessary details for an expert to verify the main claims of the submission may be included in a clearly marked appendix if extra space is needed. Any submission deviating from these guidelines will be rejected without consideration of its merits. It is recommended that a regular submission begins with a succinct statement of the problem being addressed, a summary of the main results or conclusions, a brief explanation of their significance, a brief statement of the key ideas, and a comparison with related work, all tailored to a non-specialist. Technical development of the work, directed to the specialist, should follow. Papers outside of the conference scope will be rejected without review. For the second round only, if requested by the authors on the cover page, a regular submission that is not selected for a regular presentation will also be considered for the brief announcement format. This will not affect consideration of the paper for a regular presentation.Publication 
 Regular papers and brief announcements will be included in the conference proceedings. Conference proceedings will be published by Springer in the LNCS conference series. 
 Special Issue 
 Extended and revised versions of selected papers will be considered for a special issue ofTheoretical Computer Science (TCS)Paper Award 
 Prizes will be given to the best regular paper and best student regular paper. A regular paper is eligible for the best student paper if at least one of its authors is a full-time student at submission time. Authors should clearly indicate whether their submission is eligible to be considered for the best student paper award (e.g., using a\thanksin the title). The PC may decline to confer awards or may split awards. 
 Organization 
 General Co-Chairs 
 Toshimitsu Masuzawa, Osaka University, Japan 
 Yoshiaki Katayama, Nagoya Institute of Technology, Japan 
 Hirotsugu Kakugawa, Ryukoku University, Japan 
 Organizing Chair 
 Yonghwan Kim, Nagoya Institute of Technology, Japan 
 Sayaka Kamei, Hiroshima University, Japan 
 Publicity & Proceedings Chair 
 Junya Nakamura, Toyohashi University of Technology, Japan 
 Yonghwan Kim, Nagoya Institute of Technology, Japan 
 Treasurer 
 Hirotsugu Kakugawa, Ryukoku University, Japan 
 Steering Committee 
 Anish Arora, Ohio State University, USA 
 Shlomi Dolev, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Israel 
 Sandeep Kulkarni, Michigan State University, USA 
 Toshimitsu Masuzawa, Osaka University, Japan 
 Franck Petit, Sorbonne Université, France 
 Sébastien Tixeuil, (Chair) Sorbonne Université, France 
 Elad Michael Schiller, Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden 
 Advisory Committee 
 Sukumar Ghosh, University of Iowa, USA 
 Ted Herman, University of Iowa, USA 
 In Memory of 
 Ajoy Kumar Datta 
 Edsger W. Dijkstra 
 Mohamed Gouda 
 Program Committee 
 Track A. Self-Stabilizing and/or Dynamic Systems: Theory and Practice 
 Arnaud Casteigts, Co-Chair, University of Geneva, Switzerland 
 Sayaka Kamei, Co-Chair, Hiroshima University, Japan 
 Karine Altisen, Verimag, France 
 Giuseppe Antonio Di Luna, University of Rome - Sapienza, Italy 
 Luciana Arantes, Universite Pierre et Marie Curie-Paris6, France 
 Lelia Blin, IRIF, Université Paris Cité, France 
 Swan Dubois, Sorbonne Université & Inria, France 
 Anissa Lamani, Université de Strasbourg, France 
 Pierre Leone, University of Geneva, Switzerland 
 Franck Petit, LiP6 CNRS-INRIA UPMC Sorbonne Universités, France 
 Christian Scheideler, University of Paderborn, Germany 
 Yuichi Sudo, Hosei University, Japan 
 Track B. Distributed and Concurrent Computing: Foundations, Fault-Tolerance and Scalability 
 Fukuhito Ooshita, Co-Chair, Fukui University of Technology, Japan 
 Andrea Richa, Co-Chair, Arizona State University, United States 
 Rida Bazzi, Arizona State University, USA 
 Carole Delporte-Gallet, University Paris Diderot, France 
 Panagiota Fatourou, University of Crete, Greece 
 Laurent Feuilloley, University of Lyon, France 
 Olga Goussevskaia, Federal University of Minas Gerais, Brazil 
 Naoki Kitamura, Osaka University, Japan 
 Moti Medina, Bar-Ilan University, Israel 
 Sathya Peri, Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad, India 
 Michel Raynal, University of Rennes, France 
 Christian Scheideler, University of Paderborn, Germany 
 Gregory Schwartzman, JAIST, Japan 
 Gokarna Sharma, Kent State University, USA 
 Jamison Weber, Arizona State University, USA 
 Yingjie Xue, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, China 
 Maxwell Young, Mississippi State University, USA 
 Track C. Security, Privacy and Application of Cryptography 
 Quentin Bramas, Co-Chair, University of Strasbourg, France 
 Pascal Felber, Co-Chair, Universite de Neuchatel, Switzerland 
 Emmanuelle Anceaume, CNRS IRISA, France 
 Pierre-Louis Aublin, IIJ Research laboratory, Japan 
 Christian Cachin, University of Bern, Switzerland 
 Pandu-Rangan Chandrasekaran, Madras, India 
 Naohiro Hayashibara, Kyoto Sangyo University, Japan 
 Rüdiger Kapitza, FAU Erlangen-Nürnberg, Germany 
 Pascal Lafourcade, University Clermont Auvergne, France 
 Miguel Matos, IST Lisbon, Portugal 
 Atsuko Miyaji, Osaka University, Japan 
 Raoul Strackx, Fortanix, Netherlands 
 Sara Tucci Piergiovanni, CEA LIST, France 
 Osman Unsal, Barcelona Supercomputing Center, Spain 
 Susanne Wetzel, Stevens Institute of Technology, United States 
 Track D. Moving and Computing 
 Konstantinos Georgiou, Co-Chair, Toronto Metropolitan University, Canada 
 Masahiro Shibata, Co-Chair, Kyushu Institute of Technology, Japan 
 John Augustine, IIT Madras, India 
 Doina Bein, California State University, USA 
 François Bonnet , Tokyo Institute of Technology, Japan 
 Fabien Dufoulon, Lancaster University, UK 
 Ryota Eguchi, Nara Institute of Science and Technology, Japan 
 Darya Melnyk, TU Berlin, Germany 
 Othon Michail, University of Liverpool, UK 
 Alfredo Navarra, University of Perugia, Italy 
 Aris Pagourtzis, National Technical University of Athens, Greece 
 Denis Pankratov, Concordia University, Canada 
 Partha Sarathi Mandal, IIT Guwahati, India 
 Ramachandran Vaidyanathan, Louisiana State University, USA 
 Yukiko Yamauchi, Kyushu University, Japan 
 Supporters 
 SSS 2024 is supported by the following organizations. We deeply appreciate their supports. 
 Visit Nagoya -Nagoya City Guide- 
 MICE Nagoya (accomodation etc.) 
 href="http://www.refec.org" - Research Foundation for the Electrotechnology of Chubu 
 SSS is an international forum for researchers and practitioners in the design and development of distributed systems with a focus on systems that are able to provide guarantees on their structure, performance, and/or security in the face of an adverse operational environment. 
 Useful Links 
 href="https://selfstabilization.org/" - SSS conference series 
 href="https://link.springer.com/conference/sss" - Past proceedings 
 Contact Us 
 SSS 2024 Organizing Team 
 Email:href="mailto: sss2024-nagoya@dsl.cs.tut.ac.jp" - sss2024-nagoya@dsl.cs.tut.ac.jp
 
 © CopyrightSSS 2024. All Rights Reserved 
 Designed byBootstrapMade

3. Website of SSS_2: https://selfstabilization.org/~selfstab/
Website information of SSS_2:

Self-Stabilization 
 Self-Stabilizationis the property of an autonomous process to obtain correct behavior no matter what initial state is given. Thus, self-stabilization automatically corrects following arbitrary transient faults that corrupt the state (so long as the program's code is still intact). Moreover, if correct behavior and program assumptions are such that a process could be instantiated on a number of different network topologies, then self-stabilization implies that the system topology and state can be asynchronously changed, without notifying the process of this change, yet the process will eventually self-correct its behavior to the new situation.Self-Stabilizationis related toAutonomic Computing, which entails several "Self-*" attributes: self-management, self-configuration, self-healing, self-optimization, and self-protection. Abstractly, self-stabilization appears related to traditional topics of control theory (stability of control loops); however, the requirement of recovery from arbitrary transient faults includes arbitrary changes to the state of any presumed controller--the controller must be engineered to self-recover above all. Furthermore, the literature of self-stabilization is mostly discrete and uses techniques from distributed computing research. The bookSelf-Stabilizationby Shlomi Dolev surveys the topic. A rather dated bibliography about self-stabilization is this1992 bibliography. 
 Meetings, Conferences, and Events on Self-Stabilizing Systems 
  
 The next event will be October 2025 in Kathmandu, Nepal:href="https://sss2025.conf.lip6.fr" - SSS2025
Past Eventshref="https://sss2024.github.io/" - SSS 2024 
 href="https://shlomidolev.wixsite.com/ssssymposium" - SSS 2023 
 href="https://sss2022.limos.fr" - SSS 2022 
 href="http://www.cse.chalmers.se/~elad/SSS2021/" - SSS 2021 
 href="http://www.cse.msu.edu/~sandeep/SSS2020/" - SSS 2020 
 href="https://sss2019.lip6.fr" - SSS 2019 
 href="https://www.coord.c.titech.ac.jp/symp/sss2018" - SSS 2018 
 href="http://bitly.com/SSS-2017" - SSS 2017 
 href="sss2016" - SSS 2016 
 href="sss2015" - SSS 2015 
 href="sss2014" - SSS 2014 
 href="sss2013" - SSS 2013 
 href="sss2012" - SSS 2012 
 href="sss2011" - SSS 2011 
 href="sss2010" - SSS 2010 
 href="sss2009/SSS2009.html" - SSS 2009 
 href="sss2008" - SSS 2008 
 href="sss2007" - SSS 2007 
 href="sss2006" - SSS 2006 
 href="sss2005" - SSS 2005 
 Banff 2004 
 href="sss2003" - SSS 2003 
 Luminy 2002 
 WSS 2001 
 Dagstuhl 2000 
 WSS 1999 
 Dagstuhl 1998 
 WSS 1997 
 WSS 1995 
 WSS 1989

