Conference SSSC:

LoginLost password ?Create account 
  
 Main menu 
 HomeAims & ScopeVenuehref="/page/customizable_page_3?lang=en" - For Authors
href="/page/customizable_page_8?lang=en" - Important dates
Plenary SpeakersCommitteesSponsorRegistrationAwardsHELP 
 href="mailto:sssc-tds-cosy-2025@sciencesconf.org" - @ Contact | Welcome 
 The9th IFAC Symposium on System Structure and Control (SSSC),19th IFAC Workshop on Time Delay Systems (TDS), and2nd IFAC Workshop on Control of Complex Systems (COSY)will be held jointly in Gif-sur-Yvette, France, between June 30th and July 2nd, 2025. 
 The initial submission deadline isFebruary 10th, 2025. The notification of acceptance will be communicated onMarch 27th, 2025.Final submission deadline is onApril 30th, 2025. The submission link at Papercept can be found athttps://ifac.papercept.net/conferences/scripts/start.pl. Contributions can be submitted as either an extended abstract (2 pages) or a full paper (minimum 4 and maximum 8 pages initial submission, 6 pages final submission), in A4 size and PDF format. Accepted papers will be published in IFAC Papers on-line. Abstract submissions will NOT be published in IFAC Papers on-line but will be included in the conference preprints. 
 The joint conference is planned to be an in-person event to be held at CentraleSupélec in the Paris-Saclay University campus in Gif-sur-Yvette between June 30th and July 2nd, 2025. 
 The aim of this joint event is to gather academics and professionals with a particular interest in system structure, control, linear and nonlinear system theory and to offer them a forum where to discuss current research developments and open problems, as well as to establish scientific networks with a focus on the mathematical structure of systems as well as on the limits it imposes on control systems design and performance. 
 Starting with 2013, the Symposium on System Structure and Control (SSSC) and the Workshop on Time Delay Systems (TDS) take place in the framework of “joint IFAC Conferences.” The novelty of this joint event is to include the Workshop on Control of Complex Systems (COSY). The present joint conference aims to achieve the same high-quality standard of IFAC. As for the previous editions, the National Organizing Committee (NOC) and the Program Editor are the same for the “joint IFAC Conference,” and the registration fees are unique for the entire event, allowing the participants to follow sessions of any of the symposium (SSSC) and workshops (TDS, COSY). The joint conference is structured across multiple tracks, each incorporating several special or regular sessions, poster sessions, and industry presentations and demonstrations. The paper proposals will undergo a standard peer-reviewing process. Accepted and presented papers will be included in the Conference Proceedings, which will be published in IFAC PapersOnLine. 
 About 
 History of SSSC 
 The origins of the meetings on Systems Structure and Control (SSC) under the technical sponsorship of IFAC go back to the IFAC workshops first held in Prague, Czech Republic, in 1989 and 1992 and subsequently in Nantes, France, in 1995 and 1998 as conferences. Also, in late 1997 a Conference on SSC, sponsored by IFAC, had been held in Bucharest, Romania. The meeting returned to Prague in 2001 as an IFAC symposium; its 2nd Edition was held in Oaxaca, Mexico, in 2004, the 3rd at Foz do Iguassu, Brazil, in 2007, the 4th in Ancona, Italy, in 2010, the 5th in Grenoble, France (2013), the 6th in Istanbul, Turkey (2016), the 7th in Sinaia, Romania (2019) and the 8th in Montréal, Canada (2022). In this way, the series of IFAC symposiums on Systems Structure and Control has been established, and the present edition is the 9th of the series to be held in Gif-sur-Yvette, France, between June 30th and July 2nd, 2025. 
 History of TDS 
 IFAC Workshop on Time Delay Systems brings together the scientific community in systems with time delay from theory to applications. Strong interest in this research area has culminated in a series of workshops, starting first in July 1998 (Grenoble, France) and followed by those in September 2000 (Ancona, Italy), December 2001 (Santa Fe, USA), September 2003 (Rocquencourt, France), September 2004 (Leuven, Belgium), July 2006 (L’Aquila, Italy), September 2007 (Nantes, France), September 2009 (Sinaia, Romania), June 2010 (Prague, Czech Republic), June 2012 (Boston, USA), February 2013 (Grenoble, France), June 2015 (Ann Arbor, USA), June 2016 (Istanbul, Turkey), June 2018 (Budapest, Hungary), September 2019 (Sinaia, Romania), September 2021 (Guangzhou, China), September 2022 (Montréal, Canada), September 2024 (Udine, Italy). In this way, the series of annual IFAC Workshops on Time Delay Systems has been established, and the present edition is the 19th of the series to be held in Gif-sur-Yvette, France, between June 30th and July 2nd, 2025. 
 History of COSY 
 The IFAC Workshop on Control of Complex Systems brings academics and professionals from the control community who share an interest in complex systems. The workshop’s goal is to offer them a forum where to discuss current research developments, open problems, emerging structural properties, and methodologies on the control of complex systems. The first edition of IFAC COSY will be held in Bologna, Italy, in November 2022, and the present edition is the 2nd of the series to be held in Gif-sur-Yvette, France, between June 30th and July 2nd, 2025. 
  
 Call for papers 
 href="https://sssc-tds-cosy-2025.sciencesconf.org/data/pages/Final_call_IFAC_SSSC_TDS_COSY_2025.pdf" - Download the last call for papers 
  
 Online user:1 | Privacy|Accessibility 
 Loading... 

Call for Papers information:


 
 
 
 
 
 
National Organizing Committee 
Co-General Chairs 
Islam Boussaada, IPSA-Univ. Paris-Saclay 
Cristina Stoica, CentraleSupélec 
Vice-Chair Industry  
Sami Tliba, Univ. Paris-Saclay 
Registration Chair 
Timothée Schmoderer, Univ. d’Orléans 
Finance Chair 
Karim Trabelsi, IPSA 
Publicity Chair 
Jean Auriol, CNRS, Univ. Paris-Saclay 
Students Activity Chair 
Guilherme Mazanti, Inria Saclay 
IPC SSSC 2025 
Program Chairs  
Paula Rocha, University of Porto 
Vasso Reppa, TU Delft 
Vice-Chair Industry 
Mohammed-Tahar Laraba, Safran France 
Program Editors 
Jean Jacques Loiseau, Centrale Nantes 
Alban Quadrat, Inria Paris 
IFAC Conference Board Liaison 
Luigi Glielmo, Univ. Napoli Federico II 
IPC TDS 2025 
Program Chairs  
Pierdomenico Pepe, Univ. of L’Aquila 
Delphine Bresch-Pietri, Mines PSL 
Vice-Chair Industry 
Carmen Cardozo, RTE France 
Program Editors 
Jean Jacques Loiseau, Centrale Nantes 
Islam Boussaada, IPSA-Univ. Paris-Saclay 
IFAC Conference Board Liaison 
Reinaldo Palhares, Univ. Fed. Minas Gerais  
IPC COSY 2025 
Program Chairs  
Stefania Santini, Univ. of Naples Federico II 
José M. Maestre, University of Seville 
Vice-Chair Industry 
Stéphane Le Menec, MBDA France 
Program Editors 
Jean Jacques Loiseau, Centrale Nantes 
Florin Stoican, Univ. Politehnica Bucharest 
IFAC Conference Board Liaison 
Georg Weichhart, Primetals Technologies 
IFAC Joint Conference SSSC 2025 - TDS 2025 - COSY 2025 
9
th
 Symposium on System Structure and Control (SSSC 2025) 
19
th 
Workshop on Time Delay Systems (TDS 2025) 
2
nd
 Workshop on Control of Complex Systems (COSY 2025) 
June 30
th
 - July 2
nd
, 2025, CentraleSupélec, Gif-sur-Yvette, France 
For further information, please refer to:  
Email: ifac2025conf@centralesupelec.fr  
Conference website:  
htt
ps://sssc-tds-cosy-2025.sciencesconf.org  
Submission Policy 
• All papers must be submitted through the conference submission website (ifac.papercept.net) formatted in the standard 2-
column Proceedings format. 
• Contributions can be submitted as either an extended abstract (2 pages) or a full paper (minimum 4 and maximum 8 pages 
initial submission, 6 pages final submission), in A4 size and PDF format. Accepted papers will be published in IFAC Papers 
on-line. Abstract submissions will NOT be published in IFAC Papers on-line but will be included in the conference preprints. 
• A regular registration by an Author will allow the Author to upload up to 2 accepted papers the Author has (co)authored.  
A reduced registration will allow the Student/Retiree Author to upload up to one of the accepted papers the Student/Retiree 
Author has (co)authored. 
 
Copyright  conditions: All  publication  material  submitted  for  presentation  at  an  IFAC-sponsored  meeting  (Congress,  
Symposium, Conference, Workshop) must be original and hence cannot be already published, nor can it be under review 
elsewhere. The authors take responsibility for the material that has been submitted. IFAC-sponsored conferences will abide 
by   the   highest   standard   of   ethical   behavior   in   the   review   process   as   explained   on   the   Elsevier   webpage   
(https://www.elsevier.com/authors/journal-authors/policies-and-ethics), and the authors will abide by the IFAC publication 
ethics guidelines (https://www.ifac-control.org/events/organizers-guide/PublicationEthicsGuidelines.pdf/view). 
Accepted papers that have been presented at an IFAC meeting will be published in the proceedings of the event using the 
open-access IFAC-PapersOnLine series hosted on ScienceDirect (https://sciencedirect.com/). To this end, the author(s) must 
grant exclusive publishing rights to IFAC under a Creative Commons license when they submit the final version of the paper. 
The  copyright  belongs  to  the  authors,  who  have  the  right  to  share  the  paper  in  the  same  terms  allowed  by  the  end  user  
license, and retain all patent, trademark and other intellectual property rights (including research data). 
The 9th IFAC Symposium on System Structure and Control (SSSC 2025), 19th IFAC Workshop on Time Delay 
Systems (TDS 2025), and 2nd IFAC Workshop on Control of Complex Systems (COSY 2025) will be held jointly 
in Gif-sur-Yvette, France from June 30
th
 to July 2
nd
, 2025. 
The  aim  of  this  joint  event  is  to  gather  academics  and  professionals  with  a  particular  interest  in  system  structure,  
control, linear and nonlinear system theory, and to offer them a forum where to discuss current research developments 
and open problems, as well as to establish scientific networks with a focus on the mathematical structure of systems 
as well as on the limits it imposes on control systems design and performance. 
Starting  with  2013,  the  Symposium  on  System  Structure  and  Control  (SSSC)  and  the  Workshop  on  Time  Delay  
Systems (TDS) take place in the framework of “joint IFAC Conferences”. The novelty of this joint event is to include 
the Workshop on Control of Complex Systems (COSY). The present joint conference aims to achieve the same high-
quality standard of IFAC. The conference is structured across multiple tracks, each incorporating several special or 
regular sessions, poster sessions, and industry presentations. 
The joint tri-event will occur at Paris-Saclay University, CentraleSupélec campus in Gif-sur-Yvette. University Paris-
Saclay,  a  leading  university  in  Europe  and  the  world,  was  born  from  the  shared  ambition  of  French  universities,  
“Grandes Ecoles” and national research organizations. It is located south of Paris and extends across a vast and rich 
local area. Its location strengthens both its international visibility and its close ties with its socio-economic partners. 
Gif-sur-Yvette is located 25 km south of Paris and 15km from Versailles. From Paris, Versailles, and Orly airport, one 
can reach Gif-sur-Yvette by public transportation for around 40 minutes. 
 
Call for Contributed Papers: Papers are invited as regular manuscripts or extended abstracts. Papers must conform 
to the submission policy; all manuscripts shall be in 2-column format and meet strict page limits. 
Call for Invited Sessions: Invited sessions consist of 5-6 papers, which should present a unifying theme from diverse 
viewpoints. Proposals must describe the motivation and relevance of the session. 
Call for Tutorial/Panel Sessions: Tutorial sessions and panel discussions addressing state-of-the-art control theory 
and advanced industrial applications are solicited. 
Call for Workshops: Workshops to be held prior to the conference are solicited on all related topics. Proposals for 
workshops addressing novel control methodologies and control applications are strongly encouraged. 
Deadline for invited session: January 15
th
, 2025 
Deadline for submissions (papers and extended 
abstracts): January 31
st
, 2025 
Acceptance notification: March 27
th
, 2025 
Early registration deadline: April 14
th
, 2025 
Final submission deadline: April 30
th
, 2025 
Regular registration deadline: April 30
th
, 2025 
Late registration deadline: 
June 15
th
, 2025  

Important Dates information:
LoginLost password ?Create account 
  
 Main menu 
 HomeAims & ScopeVenuehref="/page/customizable_page_3?lang=en" - For Authors
href="/page/customizable_page_8?lang=en" - Important dates
Plenary SpeakersCommitteesSponsorRegistrationAwardsHELP 
 href="mailto:sssc-tds-cosy-2025@sciencesconf.org" - @ Contact | Important dates 
 Deadline for invited session:January 15th, 2025 
 Deadline for submissions (papers and extended abstracts):February 10th, 2025 
 Acceptance notification:March 27th, 2025 
 Early registration deadline:April 14th, 2025 
 Final submission deadline:April 30th, 2025 
 Regular registration deadline:April 30th, 2025 
 Late registration deadline:June 15th, 2025 
  
 Online user:2 | Privacy|Accessibility 
 Loading...